Kurniawan Karman ( born 29 March 1991 ) is an Indonesia n professional footballer who currently plays for Liga 1 club Barito Putra as a midfielder , he can also operate as a full-back .
In particular the book is concerned with Lord Glasman and his relationships with other academics , strategists , and politicians - especially David Miliband and Ed Miliband .
After his post in the League of Nations , Sir Eric Drummond was assigned to the post of ambassador in Mussolini 's Italy .
He has been returned in every election since then , and received almost 75 % support in the 2003 Manitoba general election .
PT Merpati Nusantara Airlines , operating as Merpati Nusantara Airlines , was an airline in Indonesia based in Central Jakarta , Jakarta .
In February 2004 she was nominated to become the party 's lijsttrekker for the 2004 European Parliament election in the Netherlands .
Baraladei Daniel Igali ( born February 3 , 1974 in Eniwari , Bayelsa State , Nigeria ) is a Canadian freestyler wrestler who is an Olympic gold medallist .
Breton was born in Montreal and studied political science at the University of Montreal and the University of Quebec at Montreal .. During the march , he was quoted as saying , " We held this demonstration because we are against a military solution to settle the conflict and the fight against terrorism .
In August 1876 , soon after the exposure of the killings of up to 15,000 Bulgarians the previous spring by Circassian irregulars in the Ottoman army , MacColl and Canon Liddon of St. Paul 's travelled to Vienna and Serbia on a fact-finding tour .
He was also the judge for KWC INDIA ( Karaoke World Championships India ) with Manasi Scott , music director Raju Singh , Salim Merchant , Sulaiman Merchant , founder and organizer of KWC INDIA , Savio Paul D 'sa , Lesle Lewis , Remo Fernandes , and Sunita Rao .
In both 1977 Auckland City mayoral election and 1980 Auckland City mayoral election she stood unsuccessfully for the Auckland City Council on a Labour Party ticket .
British author B. H. Liddell Hart was in correspondence with Manstein and others at Island Farm and visited inmates of several camps around Britain while preparing his best-selling 1947 book " On the Other Side of the Hill " .
According to the census , carried out in August 1942 in " Reichskommissariat Ostland " , the village had 374 people - 41 of them declared their nationality as Lithuanians , 17 as Poles , and the rest chose ambiguous " of Lithuania .
" He spoke on the subject of " reasonable compromises " that happen " every day " between persons of different beliefs , citing as an example traffic merging at the entrance to the Holland Tunnel connecting New York City and Jersey City .
That led to work on Sylvester Stallone ' s " Nighthawks , " where he met Cliff Cudney .
The Free Democratic Party of Switzerland retained its majority in the National Council .
İlker Başbuğ , Chief of the Turkish Armed Forces held a phone conversation with Gabi Ashkenazi , the Israeli Chief of Staff and called the raid unacceptable and indicated such actions could hold very serious consequences .
She graduated from the University of Lausanne with a degree in social science .
The Parliament of Barbados is the national legislature of Barbados .
In August 2007 , Arnold Meri , an Estonia n Red Army veteran and cousin of former Estonian President Lennart Meri , faced charges of genocide by Estonian authorities for participating in the deportations of Estonians in Hiiumaa in 1949 .
He was one of the defence lawyers in the 1976 Trial-At-Bar of Appapillai Amirthalingam , K. P. Ratnam , Murugesu Sivasithamparam and Kathiripillai Thurairatnam , four leading Tamil United Liberation Front politicians who were charged with sedition for defying the First Republican Constitution .
The White Rose has also received artistic treatments , including the acclaimed opera " Weiße Rose " by Udo Zimmermann , " In memoriam : die weisse Rose " by Hans Werner Henze , " Kommilitonen ! " , an opera by Peter Maxwell Davies , and a 2017 organ piece by Carlotta Ferrari .
Benjamin Abadiano ( born February 11 , 1963 ) is a Philippines lexicographer who has worked in the country 's highlands with the Mangyan , Lumad , and other indigenous peoples .
He was elected as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Walsall in the 1945 United Kingdom general election .
United Nations Security Council resolution 1303 , adopted unanimously on 14 June 2000 , after reaffirming all resolutions on the situation in Cyprus , including resolutions 1251 ( 1999 ) and 1283 ( 1999 ) , the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus ( UNFICYP ) for a further six months until 15 December 2000 .
" Mabel 's Blunder " ( 1914 ) is a silent comedy film directed by , written by , and starring Mabel Normand , the most successful of the early silent screen comediennes .
As of 2019 , the Party has 2 members of the Vermont Senate and 7 members of the Vermont House of Representatives , as well as several more affiliated legislators who caucus with the Vermont Democratic Party .
They had no children and by his will he gave Godmersham Park and the lands belonging to it , to his widow Mrs. Catherine Knight , for her life , with remainder to Edward Austen Knight of Rolling Place .
The Electricity Commission of New South Wales , sometimes called Elcom , was a statutory body responsible for the generation of electricity and its bulk transmission throughout New South Wales , Australia .
Several million schoolchildren in the UK were given a special £ 1 World Book Day Book Token ( € 1.50 in Republic of Ireland ) which could be redeemed against any book in any UK bookshop .
The result was a victory for Georges Condat of the Union of Nigerien Independents and Sympathisers .
She worked part-time for the Kerry Packer organisation as a columnist on the magazine " The Bulletin " .
The day before the flotation of " The Daimler Motor Company Limited " and Lawson 's promoting gathering of almost 1700 people on 15 February 1896 , the Prince of Wales , later King Edward VII , was driven about the location , the Imperial Institute , by Simms ' friend , Evelyn Ellis , in the Daimler-engined Panhard & amp ; Levassor but he was impressed and later agreed to become patron of Britain 's first motor show .
The movie was released in 2011 as " The Ides of March " , starring Clooney and Ryan Gosling .
HIAS offices functioned in Hoechst , Frankfurt , Munich , Foehrenwald , Stuttgart , Berlin , Bremen , Hanover , Regensburg , Baden-Baden , Vienna , Linz , and Salzburg , with HIAS representatives stationed in the camps themselves .
Faced with the overwhelming force of the Ottoman Empire , the nobility of the Kingdom of Croatia was alarmed as the Siege of Belgrade of 1521 caused the Kingdom of Hungary to lose its last fortress on the Danube to Suleiman the Magnificent .
Meighen was replaced as Tory leader by R. B. Bennett , a millionaire Calgary businessman at the 1927 leadership convention , the first time a Tory leader was chosen by this method .
The left-wing Patriotic Party ( VP ) campaigned on a Kemalist platform , claiming that the CHP had strayed away from the principles of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk .
The new party emerged as the third-largest in the 1921 Portuguese legislative election , winning 12 of the 163 seats in the House of Representatives and 7 of the 71 seats in the Senate .
These and two additional documentaries on the crisis were all produced by the National Film Board of Canada : Christine Welsh directed " Keepers of the Fire " ( 1994 ) , which documented the role of Mohawk women during the crisis , and Alec MacLeod created " Acts of Defiance " ( 1993 ) .
Candidates from the Alaska Democratic Party , Alaska Libertarian Party and Alaskan Independence Party appear on the same ballot , with the highest-placed candidate from each party receiving that party 's nomination .
Based on Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty , it was established in the 1990s with the aim of promoting democratic values and human rights , and diminishing Communist Party of China control .
Filming concluded in 2011 with final trips to Egypt following the Arab Spring and to Malaysia to interview former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad .
In the 1990s , Sinn Féin suggested that a new parliament building for Northern Ireland should be erected , saying that the building at Stormont was too controversial and too associated with unionist rule to be used by a power-sharing assembly .
Boris Pugo committed suicide along with his wife the next day .
Local government elections took place in London on 3 May 2018 , as part of 2018 United Kingdom local elections .
However , he left the party two months later to join Partii Naleraq .
1640 However , this changed when by order of Ernesto Zedillo Salinas 's older brother Raúl Salinas was arrested on 28 February 1995 under charges of orchestrating the assassination of Ruiz Massieu ; the arrest dramatically shifted the political situation .
The Alberta New Democratic Party won two seats , one that of leader Elmer Roper .
According to historian Tsering Shakya , the Chinese government was pressuring the Dalai Lama to attend the National People 's Congress in April 1959 , in order to repair China 's image in relation to ethnic minorities after the Khampa rebellion .
The central government responded by launching airborne and seaborne military invasions of rebel strongholds Padang and Manado .
Which according to the Bible are the last words of Jesus , on the cross .
Dudley Knowles ( ; 1947 , Lancashire - 26 October 2014 ) was a United Kingdom political philosopher and professor at Glasgow University .
SPARCK 's participation in this process grows out of a broader collaboration between SPARCK and the colloquium organisers , Edgar Pieterse , founder and director of the ACC , and AbdouMaliq Simone , Professor of sociology at Goldsmith 's College , University of London , both of whom have played a key role in developing the ideas and practices that underlie SPARCK .
The revolt has been widely used in socialist literature , including by the author William Morris , and remains a potent political symbol for the political left , informing the arguments surrounding the introduction of the Community Charge in the United Kingdom during the 1980s .
She was prosecuted by Chris Christie , the United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey .
The party was established as the Bafatá Movement in Portugal on 27 July 1986 by Domingos Fernandes Gomes after his childhood friend Viriato Rodrigues Pa was executed along with five others accused of attempting to overthrow the regime of João Bernardo Vieira .
Kanak Mukherjee was born in December 1921 in Jessore district of undivided India .
On September 17 , 2014 , Conservative Party of Canada MP Rob Merrifield , first elected in 2000 Canadian federal election , resigned his seat to accept an appointment from Alberta Premier Jim Prentice as the province 's envoy to the United States .
During the 2008 United States presidential election , it became known for commercials linking Barack Obama to former Weather Underground founder William Ayers .ref name = " Mother Jones " { { cite web
Representative Lucille Roybal-Allard introduced of the Children 's Act for Responsible Employment ( CARE Act , HR 3564 ) bill in September 2009 .
After the Battle of Más a Tierra , the immobilized " Dresden " anchored in Cumberland Bay , Robinson Crusoe Island and contacted Chile with regard to internment .
Barbra Streisand bought the " Spartan " style , in 1989 , which was the very first sandal model Melissinos made in the 1950s .
On 2 July 2015 , independent TD , Mick Wallace , speaking under parliamentary privilege in the Dáil Éireann , claimed that Tughans had put £ 7m in an Isle of Man bank account after the Project Eagle sale , and that it was " earmarked for a Northern Ireland politician .
That night , Mississippi activist Medgar Evers was murdered in his own driveway , further escalating national tension around the issue of racial inequality .Bass , " Like a Mighty Stream " ( 2002 ) , pp. 67-69 .
By the time they reached Zhongli ( 鍾離 ; around present-day Chuzhou , Anhui ) , they had made much gains so they retreated .
Bair has said that she was referring to President Barack Obama ' s nomination of Vivek Murthy for U.S. Surgeon General .
Inquilabi Communist Sangathan was a Trotskyist organisation in India .
However , it broke this trend in 2000 , when Al Gore carried it by 13 points .
1965 ( by-election ) , 1966 United Kingdom general election , 1970 United Kingdom general election , 1974 February 1974 United Kingdom general election & amp ; October 1974 United Kingdom general election , 1979 United Kingdom general election ,
The League of Conservation Voters rated Skelton at 53 percent on environmental issues .
A day after Zhao 's 19 May visit to Tiananmen Square , Premier Li Peng publicly declared martial law , leading to the deaths of hundreds to thousands of protesters on 4 June .
A member of a non-violent social action group called TruthForce , and co-manages the site www.truthforce.ca. Has cited the Mahatma Gandhi as a personal inspiration .
Prince William began carrying out royal duties in July 2005 , and was listed for the first time in his own right on 2 July for representing the Queen at a war memorial service in New Zealand .
The incumbent is Democrat Danny K. Davis , who was re-elected with 87.6 % of the vote in 2018 .
During the Great Depression , Trammell joined the Conservative Coalition , a group of conservative congressmen opposed to President Franklin D. Roosevelt New Deal , claiming it was too liberal , despite his overall support for Roosevelt .
Olena Kostiantynivna Kondratiuk ( , born 17 November 1970 ) is a Ukraine politician and public relations specialist .
" Robert Ley ( 3 November 1937 ) " glorified him .
He was the first Vice President since Martin Van Buren in 1836 United States presidential election to be elected President without first having succeeded to that office through the death of the previous President , and is to date the only one to be so elected while not an incumbent .
Arkansas was won by the Democratic nominees , former U.S. Representative William Jennings Bryan of Nebraska and his running mate Arthur Sewall of Maine .
Incumbent Republican David Durenberger decided to retire instead of seeking a third full term .
Incumbent Democratic Senator John Sparkman retired from the United States Senate and Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court Howell Heflin was elected to succeed him .
The Whigs tried to link the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , the Duke of Ormonde , with the foremost Irish Tory , Redmond O 'Hanlon , in a supposed plot to murder Titus Oates .
On 9 November 2016 , the parliament approved her nomination as Deputy Prime Minister for social affairs under Prime Minister Sooronbay Jeenbekov , replacing Gulmira Kudaiberdieva .
The party had six deputies elected at the 2010 Venezuelan parliamentary election : Tomas Guanipa in Zulia , Juan Carlos Caldera and Julio Borges in Miranda , Dinorah Figuera in the capital district , Richard Mardo in Aragua , and Richard Arteaga in Anzoátegui .
The Travancore Temple Entry Proclamation did not have a serious influence in Cochin or British Malabar as the Kingdom of Cochin and the Zamorin of Calicut were staunch opponents of temple entry for dalits .
It was triggered by the resignation of sitting Labor member Margaret Woodgate .
The Electoral Commission registered 14 candidates for the elections , whilst Vladimir Romanov ' s application was rejected .
Such demonstrations included marching with posters of the late Chinese leader Mao Zedong - perceived to be more assertive on issues of sovereignty than current leaders , as well as signs about corruption , food safety , and income inequality .
Quadri joined the then Pakistan Civil Service ( CSP ) in 1969 and served the government of East Pakistan and Bangladesh in different capacities for 36 years .
Ali Babba bin Bello ( 1804-1859 - aged 55 ) was the fourth Sultan of the Sokoto Caliphate from 1842 to 1859 .
Iuliu Nosa ( born September 25 , 1956 ) is a politician from Romania .
The Utah Transit Authority ( UTA ) is a special service district responsible for providing public transportation throughout the Wasatch Front of Utah , in the United States , which includes the metropolitan areas of Ogden , Park City , Provo , Salt Lake City and Tooele .
Following the 2005 Norwegian parliamentary election it was clear that their work to regain their place in the parliament had failed .
It supported entry into the European Union with certain reservations .
After his retirement , Đorđe lived in Karlovac , Novi Sad , and Laćarak , where he died in 1830.Čuljak 1998 , pp. 29-30
In the 2001 United Kingdom general election Simpson stood unsuccessfully against Ulster Unionist Party leader David Trimble in the parliamentary constituency of Upper Bann .
Richard Merrill Atkinson ( February 6 , 1894 - April 29 , 1947 ) was an United States politician and a U.S. Representative from Tennessee .
The currency crisis and devaluation of the New Zealand dollar spurred on the reform drive of Roger Douglas , who Lange made Minister of Finance in the new government .
He is President of Australian Institute of International Affairs .
After the assassination of Ziaur Rahman on 30 May 1981 and the takeover of power by Vice-President Justice Abdus Sattar as the acting President of Bangladesh , Bangladesh Army Chief of Staff Lieutenant General Hussain Muhammad Ershad extended his support to the acting President Sattar .
The ECR currently is led by a two Co-Chairmen , Ryszard Legutko of the Polish Law and Justice party and Raffaele Fitto of the Brothers of Italy party .
Wherever one might locate the origin of Ancient Macedonian nationhood among parts of the Orthodox Slavic speaking population : national myths inspired by antiquity did not play an important role in any of the events that Macedonian historiography regards as a milestone of present-day Macedonian state- and nationhood - above all the Ilinden Uprising and the Kruševo Republic in 1903 .
The party was joined by August Winnig ( former president of East Prussia ) , who had been expelled from the SPD for involvement in the Kapp Putsch .
Ternate was one of the four traditional kingdoms in North Maluku , the others being Tidore , Bacan and Jailolo .
The cities of Odessa and Nikolayev ( in 1803-1861 ) and their surrounding vicinity were governed separately : Odessa by a gradonachalnik ( ) , answerable directly to the tsar and ( from 1822 ) the governor-general of Novorossiya and Bessarabia Governorate , and Nikolayev by a military governor .
He was a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Düzce , having been first elected in the June 2015 Turkish general election and re-elected in the November 2015 Turkish general election .
The United Nations , restrained by the political interests of the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and reluctance of the international community , remained passive before and throughout the predicted genocide of some 800,000 ( some sources estimate one million ) people that took place from April to July 1994 , finally ending around the time the predominantly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front took the nation 's capital , Kigali , on July 18 , 1994 .
At the 1984 Australian federal election the NDP received 643,061 votes ( 7.23 % of the total ) , and exceeded 4 % in every state except Tasmania , where it received 3.9 % .
He served as a " Landrichter " ( country judge ) in the Bavaria n town of Aub , afterwards working as a private scientist in Würzburg .
In 1948 , Abe B. Baker , chair of neurology and psychiatry at the University of Minnesota , formed the American Academy of Neurology ( AAN ) to give young neurologists a national organization to join .
In addition , it was found that she had purchased a house in an exclusive neighborhood of Quito for $ 195,000 .
In 1939 Heimann emigrated via the United Kingdom to the United States , where both of his sons , Leonhard and Eduard Heimann , lived .
In the 1977 Spanish general election , EDC joined the Democratic Pact for Catalonia coalition to the Congress of Deputies together with Democratic Convergence of Catalonia ( CDC ) , the Socialist Party of Catalonia-Regrouping ( PSC-R ) and the National Front of Catalonia ( FNC ) , gaining two seats of the eleven that were won by the coalition , occupied by Ramón Trías Fargas and Maciá Alavedra , both for Barcelona .
After Mitterrand 's 1988 French presidential election , the PS and the Left-wing radicals obtained a relative parliamentary majority .
Five days later , Virginia 's legislature passed ( subject to voters ' ratification ) the Ordinance of Secession of Virginia to withdraw from the Union and join the newly formed Confederate States of America .
The " 2008 Critical Foreign Dependencies Initiative ( CFDI ) list " was contained in a February 2009 diplomatic cable to the U.S. Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , which was leaked , redacted and released in the United States diplomatic cables leak by WikiLeaks in 2010 .
Ramdas Athawale was member of the Maharashtra Legislative Council from 1990 to 1995 and a cabinet member in the Government of Maharashtra .
Louis made Charles governor of Slavonia , Croatia and Dalmatia with the title of duke in 1371 .
Jan Crump was raised in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Aleksei Lotman ( also known as Alex Lotman and Aleks Lotman ; born 6 May 1960 in Leningrad ) is an Estonia n biologist , environmentalist and politician .
Harrison 's Republican Party gained a majority in the House at the expense of the Democratic Party , even though incumbent President Grover Cleveland actually received more votes counted than Harrison .
Former Liberal cabinet minister Bryce Mackasey was defeated in his bid for a council seat .
The five candidates elected were Angola ( for the first time ) , Chile , Germany , Pakistan , and Spain .
A group by the name of Jews Against Jackson , an offshoot of the radical Jewish Defense League which had been disavowed by most Jewish leaders , threatened and attacked the Jackson campaign on multiple occasions .
General Secretary of the CPP , Kojo Botsio , won the Winneba seat unopposed , the only candidate to do so .
The Institut français des relations internationales ( Ifri ; English " French Institute of International Relations " ) is a think tank dedicated to international affairs , based in Paris , France .
She contested the 1999 Lok Sabha elections as a Janata Dal ( United ) candidate , but was defeated by Holkhomang Haokip of the NCP .
" Other parties , including the Scottish National Party , however , continued to contest the seat .
He was re-elected in one of the largest electoral landslides in American history in 1972 United States presidential election when he defeated George McGovern .
The current Minister for Defence is Leo Varadkar , TD .
In October of that same year , the former leaders of the social democratic faction of the Democratic Party , Andrew To and former Trotskyist Leung Kwok-hung , also known as " Longhair , " founded the League of Social Democrats ( LSD ) with Albert Chan and former popular radio host Wong Yuk-man , which positioned itself as a radically pro-democratic and left-wing party .
The US Embassy had pointed out that the Tariq Majid of Musharraf could be less friendly towards the United States ; this restrained the United States from applying further " direct " pressure on Musharraf due to a strategic calculation that may led the loss of Musharraf as an ally .
The assembly was dissolved by the Indian president Rajendra Prasad on 4 March 1953 , under Article 356 of the Constitution .
Christopher Neo Ting Wei , SDP 's Assistant Treasurer , led a team to contest in Jurong GRC ; among his team members were Chee Siok Chin , a member of SDP 's Central Executive Committee ( CEC ) and sister of Chee Soon Juan .
The Group renamed itself Professional Forum following the 2008 Hong Kong legislative election .
Of the former members of the party only Jorge Prat gained much influence .
In Nov 2010 , after the first internationally declared peaceful and fair democratic elections , President Amani Karume stepped down , handing over to President Ali Mohamed Shein from the triumphant CCM party .
After the 9 / 11 terrorist attacks , Hagel voted in favor of Senate Joint Resolution 23 , authorizing " necessary and appropriate U.S. Military force " in Afghanistan against those who planned or aided the September 11 attacks .
The Kinshasa Democratic Republic of the Congo Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) in Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Hughes " victory was largely due to the powerful GOP loyalty of East River German-Americans , who feared that Wilson 's pro- United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland sentiment would lead the United States to involve itself in war with German Empire .
Increasingly harsh anti-polygamy legislation in the US led some Mormons to emigrate to Canada and Mexico .
In the Gospel s as a leading trio among the Twelve Apostles at three particular occasions during public ministry of Jesus acted Peter , James , son of Zebedee and his brother John .
Hughes faced , Labour , Conservative and Irish Parliamentary Party opponents .
Thomas Ewing , Jr appeared as defense counsels for Samuel Mudd and David Herold .
On June 24 , 1923 , Adeniyi-Jones , Eric Moore and Egerton Shyngle joined Herbert Macaulay and Thomas Jackson to form the Nigerian National Democratic Party , also known as NNDP .
The Slovak Social Democratic Party of the Kingdom of Hungary , or Slovak Executive Committee , was a Slovakia social democratic political party in the Kingdom of Hungary , existing as an independent party from June 1905 to March 1906 and affiliated with the Hungarian Social Democratic Party an autonomous Nationality Committee from 1906 to 1918 .
In the countries of South Asia , including India and Pakistan , cricket is by far the most popular participatory and spectator sport .
Queensland 's Environmental Protection Agency ( abbreviated to EPA ) was for some time a separate department of the Queensland Government , and , following 2009 Queensland state election , became a part of the Government 's larger Department of Environment and Resource Management .
Later Kovenko emigrated to Germany where he finished a technical school in Altenburg ( Duchy of Saxe-Altenburg ) and Technische Universität Darmstadt in Darmstadt ( Grand Duchy of Hesse ) in 1910 .
On December 22 , 1919 , when the fifth government of ADR under the leadership of Nasib Yusifbeyli was formed , he was appointed the Minister of Agriculture serving until April 1 , 1920 , when the government dissolved .
In 1992 , at 15 years old , she joined the Youth Front , the youth-wing of the neo-fascist Italian Social Movement ( MSI ) .
Because of the worsening Allied position in the Asia-Pacific region , U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt ordered MacArthur to relocate to Australia , as Supreme Allied Commander South West Pacific Area .
Charles Coughlin Fr , known as the " radio priest , " At the time Coughlin was widely known for his sympathetic view of the anti- Bolshevist policies associated with Adolf Hitler ' s Nazi Germany , Benito Mussolini ' s Kingdom of Italy , and Francisco Franco ' s Francoist Spain .
France and Britain began bilateral peace talks in August 1746 at Breda , but these were delayed by British hopes of improving their position in Flanders .
In desperation , his stepfather returned to work at sea , while his mother moved from Glasgow to Newarthill , where his maternal grandmother still lived .
A joint statement of the member countries of the Shanghai Co-operation Organisation issued in early July , 2005 on a conference in Nur-Sultan ( Kazakhstan ) called for a withdrawal of US troops from military bases in Central Asia .
In 1929 , he graduated from the Scientific and Literary Institute of Toluca , where he was a delegate and student leader of the anti-re-electionist campaign of former Minister of Education José Vasconcelos , who ran in opposition to Pascual Ortiz Rubio , handpicked by former President Plutarco Elías Calles .
In 1983-1985 , he studied at the Higher Party School of Leningrad , Russia .
Ronald Tétrault ( born June 16 , 1936 ) was a politician in Quebec , Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec ( MNA ) .
Hitler named Grand Admiral Karl Dönitz as his successor .
Born in Montreal , Quebec , he is the son of David Libman and Goldie Aronovitch .
Bloomberg was born at St. Elizabeth 's Hospital , in Brighton , a neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , on February 14 , 1942 , to William Henry Bloomberg ( 1906-1963 ) , a bookkeeper for a dairy company , His maternal grandmother was born in New York to Lithuanian Jewish parents .
In 2019 local election , the party had its best performance in Tatabánya and in Budapest , where 3 district mayorships were won .
Meanwhile , Augustus Hall , another Democrat , had won election to Henn 's House seat .
In December 2008 , the Constitutional Court was scheduled to rule on whether or not to dissolve the PPP , Thai Nation Party , and Neutral Democratic Party parties on electoral fraud charges .
Because revealing a covert operative 's identity is a treason ous offence and because the individual who leaked the information to Rachel is a potential threat to national security , special Federal prosecutor Patton Dubois ( Matt Dillon ) convenes a grand jury and demands to know who her source is , information she refuses to divulge .
The Jatio Oikko Front is a newly formed alliance Consisting of Four political parties including Bangladesh Nationalist Party .
As Eliduo died when Wulu was just 12 years old , the latter grew up under the influence of his mother , who had come from a sinicised " Balhae " gentry family from Liaoyang .
With a narrow win in the 1951 United Kingdom general election , Churchill was back .
In April 2012 the President of the Republika Srpska Milorad Dodik said that the Bosnian Minister of Foreign Affairs Zlatko Lagumdžija in the first session of the Council of Ministers of Bosnia and Herzegovina tried to insert a statute that was supposed to regulate or lead to some essential informal recognition of Kosovo , but he blocked the process .
Before that , Tol was the Michael Otto Professor of Sustainability and Global Change and director of the Center for Marine and Atmospheric Sciences and board member of the Center for Marine and Climate Research at the University of Hamburg .
He returned to Jordan and later attended United States Army Command and General Staff College in Fort Leavenworth , Kansas in 1958 , where his portrait hangs in The Hall of Fame in the Staff College .
A BBC Radio English-language radio dramatization of " The Little World of Don Camillo " was broadcast in 2001 starring Alun Armstrong as Don Camillo , John Moffatt as the Bishop , Shaun Prendergast as Peppone and Joss Ackland as God , and rebroadcast in July 2010 on BBC Radio 7 .
The expression the collar counties is a colloquialism for the five counties of Illinois that border Chicago ' s Cook County .
Phelps ran against 20th District Republican incumbent John Shimkus in the general election .
The Prime Minister , Helen Clark , claimed that an early poll was necessary due to the collapse of her junior coalition partner , the Alliance .
The constituency previously existed from 1921 to 1937 and from 1948 to 1992 , but was abolished for the 1992 Irish general election .
Around the same period , Mithridates I conquered the southwestern Iranian region of Persis and installed Wadfradad II as its " frataraka " ; he granted him more autonomy , most likely in an effort to maintain healthy relations with Persis as the Parthian Empire was under constant conflict with the Saka , Seleucids , and the Characene .
The Croatian Peasant Party of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( or HSS BiH ) is a Croatian political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
He served as Colonial Secretary in the short 1884 ministry of Harry Atkinson ; from 28 August to 3 September 1884 .
The SNR was first established during the revolutions of 1848 in the Habsburg areas , when Ľudovít Štúr , Jozef Miloslav Hurban and Michal Miloslav Hodža founded it in Vienna on 15 September 1848 .
According to Venezuelanalysis.com , the website has been endorsed by notable leftists and Chávez supporters such as John Pilger , Marta Harnecker , Noam Chomsky and Oliver Stone .
Iran , Russia , and Hezbollah support the Syrian Arab Republic and the Syrian Armed Forces militarily , with Russia conducting airstrikes and other military operations since September 2015 .
After protests from the public , including celebrities Ellen DeGeneres and William Shatner , Crown Media reversed their decision and stated they would reinstate the ads .
Democrat A. Joseph DeNucci was re-elected Auditor .
This faction did not share Detlef Kühn 's supportive attitude to Erich Mende , by now seen a liberal leader from and for an earlier generation .
" Gorillas in the Mist " is a 1988 American drama film directed by Michael Apted and starring Sigourney Weaver as the naturalist Dian Fossey .
He was born on February 12 , 1752 in Mastic Beach , Province of New York , then a part of British America .
San Francisco -based American architect .
Through the eight years of President Ulysses S. Grant ' s administration ( March 4 , 1869 to March 4 , 1877 ) , he stood out as the spokesman of the President and one of the principal leaders of the Republican Party in the Senate .
Between 1967 and 1971 he served on the " West Commission " of Socialist Unity Party of Germany Central Committee 's politburo .
They determined to issue a call to the first convention of the new party , which would be held on November 22 in Chicago .
It was mostly formed by young offspring of Buenos Aires " high and middle bourgeoisie ( almost all males ) , who were active in the Unión de Estudiantes Nacionalistas Secundarios ( UNES ) students " union and the " Alianza de la Juventud Nacionalista " ( Alliance of Nationalist Youth ) .
, which George W. Bush picked up in 1987 from Wead .
She was appointed as the first Minister for the Arts in Harold Wilson government of 1964 , and played a key role in the formation of the Open University , Kenneth O 'Morgan , , " The Independent " , 8 November 1997. an act described by Wilson as the greatest of his time in government .
A remake of the film " Kani kōsen " , directed by Hiroyuki Tanaka and starring Ryuhei Matsuda and Hidetoshi Nishijima was completed in 2009 .
As of 5 June 2014 , the Board members are : Dr. Bianca Maria Farina , managing director of the Italian insurance company Poste Vita ; Dr. Marc Odendall , a financial consultant for the philanthropic sector in Switzerland ; Joseph Yuvaraj Pillay , Chairman of the Board of Consultors to the President of the Republic of Singapore ; and Dr. Juan Zarate , senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , D.C.
The group was anti-Semitic and national socialist , advocating the corporate state and a political alliance with the Axis powers of Nazi Germany , Italy and Empire of Japan .
He is a research fellow at the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank in Washington D.C. , and an occasional consultant to the World Bank .
Bosnia and Herzegovina saw around 100 protesters gather in Mostar .
Salwey was first elected Whig MP for Ludlow in 1837 United Kingdom general election , but lost the seat at the 1841 United Kingdom general election .
Henry also sent monetary support with Manuel upon his departure to aid him against the Ottoman Empire .G. Dennis , " The Letters of Manuel II Palaeologus " ( Washington DC , 1977 ) Letter 38 .
" On another episode of purportedly overzealous editorialization , he reported Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts had ordered Trump appointee Neil Gorsuch to recuse himself from all Trump-related Russia hearings , with his only sourcing coming from a " single tweet from an anonymous Twitter account under the name ' Puesto Loco .
Residents of the town of Arenys de Munt were asked the following question : " Està d 'acord que Catalunya esdevingui un Estat de dret , independent , democràtic i social , integrat a la Unió Europea ? " ( Do you agree on Catalonia becoming an independent , democratic and social constitutional state , integrated in the European Union ? ) .
Helmut Josef Michael Kohl ( ; 3 April 1930 - 16 June 2017 ) was a German statesman who served as Chancellor of Germany from 1982 to 1998 ( of West Germany 1982-1990 and of the reunited Germany 1990-1998 ) and as the chairman of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) from 1973 to 1998 .
At the 1964 United Kingdom general election he again contested The Western Isles for the Liberal Party , but this time , the Conservatives decided to run their own candidate .
In the 2015 Finnish parliamentary election , the NCP lost its status as the country 's largest party finishing second in votes and third in seats , but again joining the governing coalition .
In May 2016 , questions were raised about the expenses claims of two Scottish National Party members of the House of Commons , Stewart Hosie and Angus MacNeill , who were reported to have had a relationship with Cowdy .
She achieved her first victories on the tour in 2015 , coming through the qualifying draw to win an International Tennis Federation tournament in Sharm El Sheikh , Egypt .
This demeaning treaty even ceded the previous capital of Tabriz to the Ottomans .
In 1776 , Raghunathrao unsuccessfully tried to get help from Portuguese India .
It is located in the Jasikan district of the Oti Region of Ghana .
In 859 , Osraige was made subject to the Uí Néill , and this led to open warfare between Máel Sechnaill and Áed.Byrne , pp. 263-266 ; Charles-Edwards .
Born in 1978 in Zürich , she studied arts at the University of Bern .
After his entry into parliament , after 2005 New Zealand general election , Jones became chair of the Finance and Expenditure Select Committee .
Amira Yoma , who was at the center of the scandal , was Menem 's secretary and sister-in-law , and was eventually cleared of all charges .
13 seats were contested at the election with both the Conservative and Labour parties contesting every seat , while the Liberal Democrats had 6 candidates , the United Kingdom Independence Party 3 and the Green Party of England and Wales 2 .
Supported by the Erasmus Programme , she spent a semester at the University of Oslo between 1997 and 1998 .
In October 2013 , the Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian Army , led by Salim Idris , met with Ahmad Jarba , then the president of the SNC .
Although Obregón was a gifted military strategist during the Revolution and decisively defeated Pancho Villa ' s División del Norte at the Battle of Celaya and went on to become President of Mexico , his posthumous name recognition and standing as a hero of the Revolution is nowhere near that of Villa 's or Emiliano Zapata 's .
1810-1821 : Part of the Viceroyalty of Peru small ( viceroyalty of the Spanish Empire ) / smallbr /
In the 1988 Canadian federal election , the Rhinoceros Party ran a candidate named John Turner in the same riding as Liberal Party of Canada leader John Turner , and received 760 votes.ref name = " DEPTH "
While working as Campaign Director for the Conservative Party of Canada during the 2006 federal election , Finley , with his colleagues Irving Gerstein , Michael Donison and Susan Kehoe , was involved in what became known as the In and Out scandal , in relation to campaign funding .
Redistribution placed Wasylycia-Leis against Pagtakhan again for the 2004 Canadian federal election , in the altered riding of Winnipeg North .
John D. Rockefeller Jr ( 1874-1960 ) and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller ( 1874-1948 ) .
Timur 's appointed successor Pir Muhammad was quickly cast aside , and Khalil gained control of Samarkand .
Joyce was elected to the Senate at the 2004 Australian federal election , taking office in 2005 , though it subsequently emerged in 2017 that he was not eligible for election .
The Home Army districts of Vilnius and Navahrudak planned to take control of the city " before " the Soviet Union could reach it .
Johnston , severely outnumbered , hoped to combine his force with a detachment of Robert E. Lee 's army from Virginia , jointly defeat Sherman , and then return to Virginia for an attack on Ulysses S. Grant .
Rinse Zijlstra served in the House of Representatives from 1967 to 1973 as a member of the Anti-Revolutionary Party .
Hedin navigated the Yarkand , Tarim and Kaidu Referred also as Konqi- , Kongque , Kontsche- or Konche-darja or Peacock River - see also note in Korla and Kaidu River rivers and found the dry riverbed of the Kum-darja as well as the dried out lake bed of Lop Nur .
She led the party during the 2007 Newfoundland and Labrador general election and 2011 Newfoundland and Labrador general election general elections , each time improving the party 's share of vote from the previous election .
The Kingdom of Egypt was established two weeks later .
In July and August 1944 , Mihailović ordered his forces to cooperate with the Office of Strategic Services ( OSS ) and 60th Troop Carrier Squadron ( TCS ) in the successful rescue of hundreds downed Allied airmen between August and December 1944 in what was called Operation Halyard ; for this , he was posthumously awarded the Legion of Merit by United States President Harry S. Truman .
He ruled during the Later Three Kingdoms period , when much of his country 's former domain was divided between Hubaekje and Taebong .
The only major party candidate since 1972 to receive less than 40 percent of the vote was Republican incumbent President George H. W. Bush who won only 37.4 percent of the vote in the 1992 United States presidential election , a race complicated by a strong third party vote .
Before Zhuge Ke left Wuchang , the senior Wu general Lü Dai told him , " What you will be doing is a difficult task .
His victory did not come as a huge surprise , since Seattle as a city had donated the most money per capita to the Bernie Sanders for President Campaign , and Washington state ( particularly Seattle ) has a history of electing more left-leaning politicians including other self-proclaimed socialists to office .
Kooyong is regarded as a Liberal " leadership seat , " as the three men who held it before Georgiou ( Andrew Peacock , Robert Menzies , and John Latham ) , all went on to lead the Liberal Party or its predecessors .
During the tenure of Joseph Gurney Cannon , he was sometimes referred to as Czar Cannon .
In 1912 , while studying for his doctorate in law at Madrid , he joined the " Asociación Católica Nacional de Jóvenes Propagandistas " ( National Catholic Association of Propagandist Youth ) , which Angel Ayala had founded in 1909 .
The Kuomintang -led Republic of China government retreated to Taipei , its jurisdiction now limited to Taiwan and several outlying islands .
In the years following the CTA 's implementation , the Annenberg Foundation observed that the amount of " highly educational " programming on television had dropped , citing its allowance of programming discussing social issues to be counted , as opposed to programming dealing in traditional academic fields .
The invasion phase concluded when Tikrit , Saddam 's home town , fell with little resistance to the U.S. Marines of Task Force Tripoli .
The Municipality of St Peters was a local government area of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The fourth will include Margaret Thatcher ' s premiership and introduce Lady Diana Spencer .
Former President John Tyler , a private citizen of Virginia who was still much interested in the fate of the nation , had been appointed as a special Virginia envoy to President James Buchanan to urge him to maintain the " status quo " in regard to the seceded states .
The bank opened for business on 12 April 1895 in Lahore .
Another shows a picture of Mohammed Omar in a set of crosshairs with the words : " We are watching .
The most recent , Donald Trump , was elected President in 2016 .
A significant number , including Leon Trotsky and Adolf Joffe , joined the non-factional Petrograd-based anti-war group called Mezhraiontsy , which merged with the Bolsheviks in August 1917 .
Van der Stoel remained active in national politics , in June 1983 he was nominated as the Permanent Representative of the Netherlands to the United Nations , taking office on 1 July 1983 .
Lewis ( died October 28 , 1998 ) was a Black Canadian activist in Manitoba , Canada .
It was held in the Australia n state of Victoria to elect all 88 members of the state 's Legislative Assembly and 22 members of the 44-member Legislative Council .
Former finance minister Sadakazu Tanigaki announced on 13 September 2009 he would stand in the election .
It is Labor 's longest-serving South Australian government and the second longest-serving South Australian government behind the Playmander -assisted Liberal and Country League government of 1933-1965 , which served first under Richard Layton Butler and then Thomas Playford IV .
The 1892 East Adelaide by-election saw ULP candidate John McPherson win the seat .
The rulers of the Manchu -led Qing dynasty are particularly notorious for their use of literary inquisitions .
For example , in the lyrics " Auf Joseph Stalin , Winston Churchill , Franklin D. Roosevelt , ade , ade , ade , " to represent the Allied leaders of Second World War .
After leaving public office , he served as a trustee for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and protested President Andrew Jackson ' s threat to use force during the Nullification Crisis .
She also chaired the Aid Coordination Committee ( Phare and the Group of 24 ) .
Incumbent Democratic United States Senator Sam Nunn decided to retire instead of seeking a fifth term .
The Montenegrin Federalist Party ( , " Crnogorska federalistička stranka " , CFS ) , sometimes known simply as the Montenegrin Party , was a Montenegro political party in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia which stood for preservation of Montenegrin autonomy and a decentralized federalised Yugoslavia .
On 12 August a television debate hosted by Croatian Radio Television ( HRT ) featured Social Democratic Party of Croatia and People 's Coalition chairman Zoran Milanović and Croatian Democratic Union chairman Andrej Plenković .
In France it is no longer fashionable , but it has been officially approved in some tropical countries such as the Philippines , of the day is worn outside it , in place of the normal white alb and coloured chasuble .
Governor Luis considered several candidates for Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands , including Millin , Edith Bornn , a lawyer from Saint Thomas , and Julio Brady .
The constituency was created for the 1999 National Assembly for Wales election , in 1999 , with the name and boundaries of the Ynys Môn Westminster constituency .
Tunku Abdul Aziz bin Tunku Ibrahim ( born 1934 in Alor Setar ) is a Malaysian corporate figure , activist and politician .
He was played by actor Stephen Critchlow .
Though short-lived and obscure in its own time , the band garnered renewed attention when one of its former members , Beto O 'Rourke , campaigned 2018 United States Senate election in Texas as the Democratic candidate against incumbent Republican Ted Cruz .
His work at the Commission , and in particular his dealings with the representatives of the Soviet Union , resulted in appointments to the US delegations to the United Nations in 1946 and 1947 .
In February 1739 , Nader Shah captured Sirhind and moved towards the field of Karnal , a battle destined to be fateful to the Mughal rulers .
Ed Vaizey was appointed by then Prime Minister David Cameron to the position as Minister for Culture , Communications and Creative Industries at Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State level , a post Vaizey initially split between the Department for Culture , Media and Sport ( DCMS ) and the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills ( BIS ) , but is now entirely placed in the DCMS .
In Budapest and around Lake Balaton , thousands of East Germans hesitated to cross the border .
He retained the seat for the Civic Party by defeating Beijing-loyalist Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong ( DAB ) candidate Holden Chow Ho-ding and localist Hong Kong Indigenous candidate Edward Leung Tin-kei , receiving 160,880 votes in the New Territories East constituency .
In 2015 , Bruce Rauner created a 28-member bipartisan " Government Consolidation and Unfunded Mandates Task Force " chaired by Evelyn Sanguinetti , then the Lieutenant Governor of Illinois with a focus on reducing unfunded mandates and promoting consolidation of special districts .
Trujillo remained close to Uribe after Santos announced peace talks with the FARC and joined other hard-line politicians like Francisco Santos Calderón and Oscar Ivan Zuluaga , and far-right politicians like Fernando Londoño and Fabio Valencia Cossio in 2013 to form the " Uribista " Democratic Center ( CD ) party .
When the convention seated two replacement delegations on June 18 , they bolted again , now accompanied by nearly all other Southern delegates , as well as erstwhile Convention chair Caleb Cushing , a New Englander and former member of Franklin Pierce ' s cabinet .
The 1960 United States presidential election in Kansas took place on November 8 , 1960 , as part of the 1960 United States presidential election .
Most polls showed McGovern running well behind incumbent President Richard Nixon , except when McGovern was paired with Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy .
He was born to a Reform Jewish family in Manhattan , New York City , the son of Babetta ( née Newgass ) and German -born immigrant Mayer Lehman , one of the three brothers who co-founded Lehman Brothers financial services firm .
He held this at the 1900 United Kingdom general election , in which year he was again elected as Mayor of Clonmel for a three-year stint , and was elected to the new Tipperary County Council .
Leading members of the new party include Nello Musumeci , MEP , Paolo Danieli and Michele Florino , both former Senators , Alberto Arrighi , former editor of " Area " ( the journal of Social Right , a faction of AN ) , Paolo Agostinacchio , former mayor of Foggia , and Nuccio Carrara ( former under-secretary for Reforms in Berlusconi 's governments ) .
Although Zhang Zuolin ' s Fengtian clique played a minor role assisting the Zhili clique in the war , they were allowed to share power in Beijing .
He was an unsuccessful candidate against John A. Gurley for reelection in 1858 to the Thirty-sixth Congress .
Hektor Idrizaj ( born 15 April 1989 ) is an Albania n professional footballer who plays as a defender for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
From 1938-39 , he was Secretary of Mapai .
He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 to 2003 , representing a Brampton-area riding for the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario .
A member of the Italian Communist Party , Pintor was very close to the left-wing of the party , lead by Pietro Ingrao , and opposed Giorgio Amendola ' s project of unifying the Italian Communist Party with other left-wing of centre-left parties .
Her parents , Gabriel and Roziko Hotovely , immigrated to Israel from the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic prior to her birth .
In the book , he rated 40 US presidents on the basis of whether or not their policies promoted peace , prosperity , and liberty during their tenures ; John Tyler and Grover Cleveland were ranked the two strongest , while Harry Truman and Woodrow Wilson came in last .
The Crown of Castile , without the crown , represents the Spanish-American War and indirectly the Philippine Insurrection where the 10th helped liberate Cuba ( 1898 ) and fought in the Philippines ( 1899-1902 ) .
Erich Honecker resigns , the borders are opened , the Berlin Wall falls , East Germany holds 1990 East German general election , and capitalism comes to East Berlin .
After Union , it ceased to be an independent party , merging with the South African Party of the Cape , Het Volk of the Transvaal and Orangia Unie of the Orange Free State to form a new Union-wide South African Party .
Mike Woodcock of the Conservatives held the seat from the 1983 United Kingdom general election until the 1992 United Kingdom general election , when it was taken by Andrew Miller of the Labour Party .
Hasluck was born in Fremantle , Western Australia , and attended Perth Modern School and the University of Western Australia .
Although not a favorite of United States Senator Harry F. Byrd , Almond had demonstrated loyalty to the Byrd Organization as well as the national ticket and racial segregation .
The following tables show detailed results in each of the country 's 17 autonomous communities and in the autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla , as well as a summary of constituency results .
That year , he was elected to the Minsk regional council of deputies from Barysaw .
It was put to music as a grand motet by Jean-Baptiste Lully , Marin Marais , François Couperin , Henry Desmarest , Michel-Richard Delalande , Louis-Nicolas Clérambault and was made customary at the end of every Mass at the Chapel of Versailles .
Parliamentary records of the United Kingdom covers the period from the creation of the Kingdom of Great Britain in 1707 , including records from the Parliament of Great Britain and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Tehatta Government College ( Bengali : তেহট ্ ট গভর ্ নমেন ্ ট কলেজ ) is a general degree college nestled on the pleasant banks of Jalangi River at Tehatta in Nadia district of the state of West Bengal , India .
Michael Dukakis was elected to a second non-consecutive term .
Uber first introduced a limited service in the Tel Aviv area in August 2014 .
Dukakis disagreed , and instead selected Senator Lloyd Bentsen from Texas .
David Armstrong , cinema critic for The San Francisco Examiner , stated in SF Gate that " Veteran British director Ken Loach continues to toil in the fields of a now largely , and unjustly , eclipsed tradition : European social realism .
The monarch is represented in these regions by Nigel Phillips , who is both the Governor of the Falkland Islands and the Commissioner for South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands .
Islington East was a constituency which returned one Member of Parliament ( MP ) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1885 , until it was abolished for the February 1974 United Kingdom general election .
Former United States Attorney Preet Bharara said in an interview with ABC News om June 11 , 2017 , " there 's absolutely evidence to begin a case " regarding obstruction of justice by Trump .
She also established " Live and Learn Pre-school , " a kindergarten school in Katipunan , Quezon City .
Ed Crane , founder and president of the Cato Institute , told " Reason " that in a discussion with Ron Paul during the period in which the newsletters were published , Paul said his chief source of campaign contributions was the mailing address for the controversial " Spotlight " magazine .
During his time in Parliament , Cronjé was leader of the moderate faction of the Rhodesian Front party .
Former central cabinet ministers of congress party , Vasant Sathe and N. K. P. Salve , formed the Vidarbha Rajya Nirman Congress in 2003 , with a clear separate Vidarbha-state agenda .
The library was named for W. Haydon Burns , who served as Mayor of Jacksonville for fifteen years and also served two years as Governor of Florida .
Benito Mussolini ' s Fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War , and to efface the failed attempt by " liberal " Italy to conquer the country , as epitomised by the defeat at Adwa .
It joined the " August " bloc for the 1993 Russian legislative election , but the bloc failed to obtain the 100,000 signatures necessary to get on the ballot.Michael McFaul ( 1994 ) " Understanding Russia 's 1993 parliamentary elections " , Hoover Institution , p8 , 47 However , two party members , Irina Khakamada and Leonid Nekrasov , were elected after running as independents .
All 50 states and the District of Columbia , were part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
On October 30 , 2011 , he was officially elected as secretary of east China 's Anhui Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China at the first plenary session of the 9th CPC Anhui Provincial Committee .
The party fractured after the 1824 United States presidential election between those who supported the new president , John Quincy Adams , and those who supported Andrew Jackson .
The Khilafat movement ( 1919-1924 ) was a political campaign launched mainly by Muslims in British Raj to influence the British government to protect the Caliphate during the aftermath of World War I .
The major Roman ratline was operated by a small , but influential network of Croatia n priests , members of the Franciscan order , led by Father Krunoslav Draganović , who organized a highly sophisticated chain with headquarters at the San Girolamo degli Illirici Seminary College in Rome , but with links from Austria to the final embarcation point at the port of Genoa .
" Baazi " ' s jazzy musical score revealed a new facet of singer Geeta Dutt , who was mainly known for melancholy songs and bhajan s .
In 1979 he formed a political party in Caracas with other exiled political opponents called the Rally of National Progressive Democrats .
It was abolished at the next redistribution which came into effect for the 2010 United Kingdom general election , when the Chelmsford and Maldon constituencies were re-established .
Benefiting from an exclusivity arrangement , the old Battersea North seat was one of two seats in London to have had a Communist Party of Great Britain MP : Shapurji Saklatvala represented the area from 1922 to 1929 .
Nedelko ' Neville ' Jelich ( born 11 March 1962 ) is a Yugoslavian born former Australia n cricket player , who played first class cricket for Queensland and Tasmania .
Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam ( Assembly of Islamic Clergy , JUI-F ) is an ultra-conservative religious and theocratic party with ideological history of 100 years which , in 2002 , formed a ruling coalition with Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and with the PML ( Q ) in Balochistan .
The Action Congress of Nigeria ( ACN ) candidate came third with 19,990 votes .
The Governor of Kandahar , Assadullah Khalid , was named Minister of Border and Tribal Affairs .
Betsy Hodges was elected in the 33rd round after two days of vote tabulations .
Prior to assuming the presidency , Bacow was the Hauser leader-in-residence at the Center for Public Leadership at Harvard 's John F. Kennedy School of Government .
His daughter , Rachel del Mar is his party 's nominee as well its affiliate Bando Osmeña - Pundok Kauswagan .
He studied law at the University of Hamburg and completed his legal training in Hamburg and Los Angeles .
In the Roman Republic , the Roman Senate , Consuls and the Assemblies showed an example of a mixed government according to Polybius ( " Histories " , Book 6 , 11-13 ) .
Just days after the under-19 elimination , M 'Vila was called up to the under-21 team , the only one of the under-19 squad , to participate in the team 's friendly match against Poland on 12 August .
It is a 1,500-pound granite bench and plinth inscribed with quotes by O 'Hair , Thomas Jefferson , and Benjamin Franklin .
She was the first woman in the country 's history and second in the Muslim majority countries ( after Benazir Bhutto ) to head a democratic government as prime minister .
Hamid Karzai was declared the first-ever democratically elected head of state in Afghanistan in 2004 , winning a second five-year term in 2009 .
The Embassy of Iraq in London is the diplomatic mission of Iraq in the United Kingdom .
At this juncture , a protectorate by the Commonwealth was sought by the leaders of Hungary , Transylvania and Moldavia .
Huang Hsin-chieh , Hsu Hsin-liang and Lin Yi-hsiung went to prison with Shih for 50 days .
Isabel Alçada ( born 29 May 1950 ) is a Portugal writer and teacher .
In the 2007 French legislative election , Catherine Quéré defeated Xavier de Roux , mayor of Chaniers and outgoing MP .
He then served the Mainland Affairs Council as a vice chairman , and later as deputy mayor of Kaohsiung under Chen Chu .
They married in a civil ceremony on 25 August 2005 at the Het Loo Palace , Apeldoorn , which was followed by a religious ceremony on 27 August 2005 at the Grote of St. Jeroenskerk , currently known as Oude Jeroenskerk , in Noordwijk .
These defiant actions by Tian , who had already angered Li Zhengji , then ruling Pinglu Circuit ( 平盧 , then headquartered in modern Weifang , Shandong ) , by disrespecting him and Li Baochen , then ruling Chengde Circuit ( 成德 , headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang , Hebei ) , by killing Li Baochen 's brother Li Baozheng ( 李寶正 ) , brought a serious imperial response , along with the offended warlords .
Wainwright is a Fellow of the international think tank for progressive politics , the Transnational Institute , Amsterdam ; .
The leader of the Workers ' Party , Low Thia Khiang , was also elected in Hougang , giving the opposition parties a total of four seats .
David Wark MLA for Murray 1857-62 had a tenuous relationship with the Newlands : his son James Keeling Wark ( c .
Before 1707 he represented the government of the Kingdom of England , then that of the Kingdom of Great Britain , and finally from 1801 that of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Concurrently , American Delta Party / Reform Party of the United States of America presidential candidate Rocky De La Fuente sought and was granted a partial recount in Nevada that was unrelated to Stein 's efforts .
Gerhart Niemeyer , Russell Kirk , Jeffrey Hart , .
On 7 June 2008 , he was elected president of the party , succeeding Josep-Lluís Carod-Rovira .
The first leaders of the new republic were President Aden Abdullah Osman Daar who served as head of state and Prime Minister Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal of the Somali Youth League .
United Left , an electoral coalition comprising the Communist Party of Spain and other left-wing parties , also lost 2 seats .
The Protestant community " supports people in Sri Lanka and India , which have suffered losses during the war and need help to survive " .
Two brothers were graduates of Tokyo University , another brother graduated from Chiba University , and his youngest brother entered the Army Academy .
In Turkey , a Governor ( Turkish : " Vali " ) is an official responsible for the implementation of legislation , constitutional and government decisions in individual provinces .
He took part in a joint press conference with Binev , during which nationalist politician Volen Siderov interrupted proceedings to accuse UKIP of racism .
On 9 November 2015 , former chairperson of the Union Solidarity and Development Party and Speaker of the House of Representatives , Shwe Mann , conceded defeat to the National League for Democracy 's Than Nyunt in his hometown constituency of Phyu , announcing on his Facebook that he had ' personally congratulated ' his opponent for the victory .
However , the medieval system of appanage ( a concession of a fief with its land rights by the sovereign to his younger sons , which reverts to the crown upon the extinction of the male line of the original holder ) alienated large territories from the royal domain and sometimes created dangerous rivals ( especially the Duchy of Burgundy from the 14th to the 15th centuries ) .
One , Jack Nicholson , a friend of Longet 's , sat prominently behind the defense table in the courtroom every day of the trial .
He would resign in 2004 after being appointed Minister of Defence in José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero ' s Cabinet , as a result of the PSOE winning the 2004 Spanish general election .
Hs is a member of the Spain People 's Party .
The Fighters ' List grew out of Lehi , a militant Revisionist paramilitary organisation that operated in Palestine during the Mandatory Palestine , and in Israel until shortly after independence .
In the field of classical music , Spain has produced a number of noted composers such as Isaac Albéniz , Manuel de Falla and Enrique Granados and singers and performers such as Plácido Domingo , José Carreras , Montserrat Caballé , Alicia de Larrocha , Alfredo Kraus , Pablo Casals , Ricardo Viñes , José Iturbi , Pablo de Sarasate , Jordi Savall and Teresa Berganza .
Before the election the Conservatives ran the council as a minority administration with them holding 18 seats , as compared to 10 for Independent Kidderminster Hospital and Health Concern , 7 Liberals , 3 Labour , 2 Liberal Democrats and 2 independents .
He attended Ishiagu High School ( St. John Bosco ) , the Federal School of Arts and Science , Aba and later , Imo State University , Uturu ( 1983-1987 ) .
In 1902 , Lizzy Lind af Hageby ( 1878-1963 ) , a Swedish feminist , and a friend , Lisa Shartau , traveled to England to study medicine at the London School of Medicine for Women , intending to learn enough to become authoritative anti-vivisection campaigners .
Another result was German foreign minister Joachim von Ribbentrop ' s unexpected June 22 arrival in Helsinki to finally rein Finland into the Axis fold .
He attended St Mark 's Church School ( where he was Dux ) and Scots College , and graduated from Victoria University of Wellington with three degrees - two in business and one in law .
On 10 October 1985 , he was appointed by President Patrick Hillery to both roles .
Davis was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-fourth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of William Alexander Richardson .
Major served as Leader of the Opposition for seven weeks while the 1997 Conservative Party leadership election to replace him was underway .
The Security Council , condemning the continuing illicit flow of weapons within and into the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and reiterating its serious concern regarding the presence of armed groups and militias in the Eastern part of the country , today decided to renew the arms embargo on the country , and the travel ban and assets freeze on those in violation of it , until 15 February 2008 .
However , after retiring from military service , he joined the Liberal Party and was instrumental in establishing Likud in July 1973 by a merger of Herut , the Liberal Party and independent elements. but resigned a year later .
Diefenbaker paid $ 1,500 and sat a token bar exam ination to join the Law Society of British Columbia to take the case , and gained an acquittal , prejudicing the jury against the Crown prosecutor and pointing out a previous case in which interference had caused information to be lost in transmission .
On January 3 , 1956 , Youderian set up camp at " Palm Beach " along the Curaray River with Jim Elliot and Ed McCully .
On October 31 , 2012 , he signed for the remainder of the season in Italy with Milano Rossoblu .
1240 ? & amp ; ndash ; May 17 , 1299 ) , was a Lithuania n princeling best remembered as a military leader of the Principality of Pskov between 1266 and 1299 .
The centre is directed by political economist Lorenzo Fioramonti and its international advisory board is made up of scholars and experts in international development , including Susan George , Simon Zadek , Luk Van Langenhove , Lydia Powell , Jan Aart Scholte and Lew Daly .
In July 2018 , MLA Derek Fildebrandt became leader of the party , which rebranded itself as the Freedom Conservative Party of Alberta .
In the 2003 Russian legislative election the SPS , according to official results , received 4 % of the vote and failed to cross the 5 % threshold necessary for parliamentary representation .
Parker Center is often mentioned in the novels of the Harry Bosch series written by Michael Connelly and the Shane Scully series written by Stephen J. Cannell .
He began his political career as an intern for Congressman William A. Steiger , eventually working his way into the White House during the Nixon ! -- see Section below for details --and Ford administrations .
A London branch formed in 1977 .
The Italian and Swiss expeditions of 1799 and 1800 were undertaken by a combined Austro-Russian army under overall command of the Russian Empire General Alexander Suvorov against French forces in Piedmont , Lombardy and Helvetic Republic as part of the Italian campaigns of the French Revolutionary Wars in general and the War of the Second Coalition in particular .
The industry tends to be scattered throughout the country , but there are a number of important textile centers , including Shanghai , Guangzhou , and Harbin .
In May 2011 , she claimed that the " old institutions " such as the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , World Bank and International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) were " expired , " and advocated the replacement of the WTO by an ' International Trade Organization ' , founded on the principles of protectionism , and support for small and medium enterprises .
Following a first posting in Santiago he became First Secretary in Beirut and later Political Agent in Dubai , followed by a brief stint in Bahrain as Deputy to William Luce .
After graduation from the Gymnasium ( high school ) in Schwabach Hans Schwarz studied theology and English literature at the Universities of Erlangen and Göttingen .
However , she stood for election in the 1994 German federal election , when the PDS experienced a modest recovery , increasing the number of its seats from 17 to 30 .
In 1947 , he met Antoun Saadeh for the very first time in Dhour El Choueir and was blown away by Saadeh 's striking charisma .
Today , the party 's platform is centered on anti-corruption and promoting an independent Latvia that is free from European Union centralized power .
She was Abbess of Quedlinburg Abbey and Gandersheim Abbey until her death in 1061 .
The following morning , Malone is visited by General George S. Patton ( Kelsey Grammer ) , who shows him an alternate United States where slavery still exists because Abraham Lincoln ( founder of the Republican Party ) chose not to fight the Civil War .
When she was five , her father Francisco Garcia Estrada was elected governor of their home state of Zacatecas , representing the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Hartwell was located at Foochow ( today Fuzhou ) on June 9 , 1853 , and was engaged in missionary work there for the rest of his life , with only three visits to the United States : 1865 - 1867 , 1877 - 1878 , and 1890 - 1891 , in all , four years .
The agency is led by its Commissioner , presently Shane Fitzsimmons , who reports to the Minister for Police and Emergency Services , currently the Hon. David Elliott MP .
The district borders the city of Bristol , the unitary district of Bath and North East Somerset , the shire county of Gloucestershire and the shire county of Wiltshire .
The abstensionists allied themselves in the Coordination des Partis politiques pour la Défense de la Constitution ( CPDC ) , an alliance of 24 parties including the Rally for Democracy and Progress and the Union for Renewal and Democracy .
A state prosecutor opened up an investigation concerning these landings which , according to Madrid , were made without official knowledge , thus being a breach of national sovereignty .
Although he was a senior leader in the Pakistan Muslim League ( PML ) and Sharif 's confidant , relations between Jamali and Sharif cooled and Jamali joined the Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) after the 1999 coup led by General Pervez Musharraf .
Ratu Mosese Varesekete Tuisawau , a brother in-law of Prime Minister Kamisese Mara , contested the elections on behalf of the National Federation Party , the first Fijian to contest the election on behalf of the party .
In 1984 Canadian federal election she was elected as a Liberal Party of Canada Member of Parliament for the Montreal riding of Mount Royal .
After the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty , de Valera served as the political leader of Anti-Treaty Sinn Féin until 1926 , when he , along with many supporters , left the party to set up Fianna Fáil , a new political party which abandoned the policy of abstentionism from Dáil Éireann .
The City Club celebrated its 50th anniversary in May 1942 ; among those in attendance were New York City Mayor Fiorello H. LaGuardia , New York State Lieutenant Governor Charles Poletti , and former Governor Al Smith .
The Socialist Labor Party of America ( SLP ) was officially founded in 1876 at a convention in Newark , New Jersey .
It was a gift from Queen Victoria to President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1880 and was built from the English oak timbers of the British Arctic exploration ship
The Councils directly employ around 13,000 staff , 9,000 of whom are researchers and technicians at institutes such as the British Antarctic Survey , the Laboratory of Molecular Biology , the Roslin Institute , and the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory .
When " Valkyrie " premiered in New York City on December 15 , 2008 , it was shown in a private screening room at the Time Warner Center , rather than at a Lincoln Square theater .
On October 3 , 2005 , in accordance with the wishes of his daughter Marina Denikina and by authority of the President of Russia , Vladimir Putin , General Denikin 's remains were transferred from the United States and buried at the Donskoy Monastery in Moscow .
It is named after the late Sheikh Abdullah Azzam , a Palestinian from Jordan and a well known preacher and organizer who was among the first Arabs to volunteer to join the Afghan Jihad against the forces of the then Soviet Union in Afghanistan in the 1980s .
George was born either on the Howe estate at Langar , Nottinghamshire , or at the Howe home on Albemarle Street , London .
In the 1969 Manitoba general election , Desjardins faced stronger-than-usual competition from his New Democratic opponent ( one Kam Gajdosik ) , but won by 4210 votes to 2656 .
This page lists diplomatic missions resident in Estonia .
İlhan was active in the Youth Wing of the People 's Democracy Party ( HADEP ) during his student years and was elected as a HDP Member of Parliament for Ağrı in the June 2015 Turkish general election , but lost his seat in the November 2015 Turkish general election .
On 6 April 2004 , President Chandrika Kumaratunga appointed Mahinda Rajapaksa , the leader of the UPFA , as the new Prime Minister .
He was later arrested , along with dozens of other resisters , after the failed attempt to kill Adolf Hitler on July 20 , 1944 , but he was rescued by Soviet troops shortly before his scheduled trial .
Although the Board was reformed to meet free market conditions under the North American Free Trade Agreement and the World Trade Organization Treaty , American producers continually complained .
His 2008 book , " Obama 's Challenge : America 's Economic Crisis and the Power of a Transformative Presidency " , presented a vision of Barack Obama ' s opportunity to transform American politics .
In June 2016 , Cozy Bear was implicated alongside the hacker group Fancy Bear in the Democratic National Committee cyber attacks .ref name = " fsb " / While the two groups were both present in the Democratic National Committee ' s servers at the same time , they appeared to be unaware of the other , each independently stealing the same passwords and otherwise duplicating their efforts .
The strategy of the PPI is to bring together other like-minded parties and groups , such as the Indian Justice Party , Lok Janshakti Party , Bhartiya Samaj Party , Janvadi Party and National Lok Hit Party into one forum .
In 1907 Tokoi was elected to the parliament ( Eduskunta ) as a representative of the Social Democratic Party of Finland .
In September , President Joseph Kasa-Vubu dismissed him from his post .
Prime Minister James Callaghan decided that there should be " positive rejection " of the approach on the basis that the republicans were not serious and " see their campaign as a long haul .
The Selangor Labour Party was a political party in Selangor , Federation of Malaya .
1918 - World War I : Italian torpedo boats sank the Austria-Hungary dreadnought SMS " Szent István " off the Dalmatia n coast .
Duck was a staff member on the 1980 Jimmy Carter / Walter Mondale Presidential Committee .
Smith attended an event in Greenville , Illinois in 1858 in which Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas gave speeches around the time of the Lincoln-Douglas debates .
Bardhaman-Durgapur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India .
Romanow along with Dwain Lingenfelter negotiated an agreement to form a coalition government with the Saskatchewan Liberal Party , appointing several Liberals to Cabinet .
On June 4 , 2008 , Kiani appeared in the " Meray Mutabiq " , a political talk show , on Geo News and was interviewed by Dr. Shahid Masood where he severely criticised President Pervez Musharraf and his role in Kargil and War on Terror .
As Africa was due to hold the presidency of the sixty-ninth session of the United Nations General Assembly ( UNGA ) , the African Union Executive Council unanimously chose him to be their candidate after the withdrawal of Cameroonian Foreign Minister Pierre Moukoko Mbonjo .
Before burial , his body was hung upside down in public , along with Mussolini , Mussolini 's mistress Clara Petacci , the former Party Secretary Achille Starace , Nicola Bombacci and others in Piazzale Loreto , Milan .
Osama bin Laden travelled to Afghanistan and helped to organize Arab mujahideen to resist the Soviet s .
But Abu Inan 's armies descended on the area , forcing Abu al-Hassan to flee with what remained of his supporters to Marrakesh .
With the overthrow of Villarroel , on 10 November , 1946 , the Independent Socialist Party joined with the Genuine Republican Party , the United Socialist Party and the Republican Socialist Party to create the Republican Socialist Unity Party .
Lincoln County ( Canton ) , Brown County ( Aberdeen ) , Brookings County ( Brookings ) , Codington County , ( Watertown ) , Yankton County ( Yankton , South Dakota ) , Davison County ( Mitchell ) , and Hughes County ( home to the state capital Pierre ) , all gave Clinton substantial margins that were enough for her to carry one of the most Republican states in the country .
In the 1931 Salvadoran general election he was initially a candidate for his newly formed National Republican Party .
In 1960 , the Kennedy Foundation agreed to underwrite the airlift , after Mboya visited Senator Jack Kennedy to ask for assistance , and Airlift Africa was extended to Uganda , Tanganyika and Zanzibar ( now Tanzania ) , Northern Rhodesia ( now Zambia ) , Southern Rhodesia ( now Zimbabwe ) , and Nyasaland ( now Malawi ) .
Ukraine officially protested against the arrest of Sharina , who has been designated a political prisoner by human rights organization Memorial .
These included : future Conservative Prime Minister Edward Heath , future Chancellors of the Exchequer Reginald Maudling , Peter Thorneycroft and Iain Macleod and future Foreign Secretary Lord Carrington .
In 2012 a study visit went to Podgorica , Montenegro to study the situation of minorities , especially the Roma , Ashkali and Egyptian groups .
The Nizamabad Municipal Corporation " ( MCN or NMC ) " is the local governing body , administering the city of Nizamabad in the India state of Telangana .
Della Volpe also wrote on issues of political philosophy , particularly the relations between the thought of Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Karl Marx .
In November of the same year , India played an important role in supporting King Tribhuhvan , whom the Rana leader Mohan Shumsher Jang Bahadur Rana had attempted to depose and replace with his infant grandson King Gyanendra .
As part of his investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections , special prosecutor Robert Mueller assumed control of a Virginia -based grand jury criminal probe into the relationship between Flynn and Alptekin 's Inovo BV .
Barack Obama ' s selection of Joe Biden as his Vice President often considered a way to augment a lack of foreign policy experience ( Obama ) with the Chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ( Biden ) .
Its two MPs in this first election were Poul Michelsen and Janus Rein .
He suggested that there was " much to learn " for his party from the street reaction to the ongoing austerity measures , while also accusing the coalesced opposition , or Social Liberal Union ( USL ) , of trying to capitalize on these events : " I 'm not sure if those gathering in the square would want USL to win the elections .
During the administration of President George W. Bush , he served as Deputy White House counsel to Alberto Gonzales , until December 2002 .
In December 2010 , then Prime Minister Julia Gillard appointed Beauchamp to the position of Secretary of the Department of Regional Australia , Regional Development and Local Government , after Beauchamp had been acting in the position since the Department was established in September 2010 .
In 2005 , a constitutional reform package was carried out by Donald Tsang , the Chief Executive .
The rhetoric of Martin Luther King , James Bevel , and Mohandas Gandhi promoted non-violent revolutionary direct action as a means to social change .
" Before the document 's release it had been praised by Tony Blair and United States Secretary of State Colin Powell as further intelligence and quality research .
Rothkopf is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations , and has taught international affairs at Johns Hopkins University ' s Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies , Columbia University ' s Graduate School of International and Public Affairs ,
Today the department is organized under the Macau Security Force ( since 1976 after decades as a division of public works , Leal Senado and municipal control ) .
They were held by Gwynfor Evans ( W ) and Robert McIntyre ( S ) respectively for the entire duration of the posts .
Kadirgamar came from a Tamil Protestant Vellala family with deep roots in Jaffna .
Three have gone on to become Governor of Hawaii : George Ariyoshi , Ben Cayetano and John D. Waihee III .
In 2004 , he represented the Croatian president at the beatification of Austria-Hungary ' s final emperor , Charles I .
On December 18 , 2004 , Fox was aboard United Airlines Flight 56 from Honolulu to Los Angeles .
In " On the Jewish Question , " Karl Marx criticized the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen as bourgeois ideology :
Arnulfo Arias was supported by the PP , already the largest single party in the country .
The most famous member of the Bonham Carter family is Hollywood actress Helena Bonham Carter , a two-time Academy Award nominee and British Academy of Film and Television Arts winner .
Leaders such as Gerry Adams ( Sinn Féin ) , John Hume ( Social Democratic and Labour Party ) , David Trimble ( Ulster Unionist Party ) and , on occasion , The Rev. Ian Paisley ( Democratic Unionist Party ) met Secretaries of State to discuss sensitive political and constitutional issues .
At the same time , Zhao Yun , Qin Mi and others reminded Liu Bei that he should focus his attack on Cao Pi instead of Sun Quan , but Liu Bei rejected their advice .
The Foundation is focusing its activities on training and education , technical assistance to state and local authorities , transboundary regional development , promotion of new immigration policies for Bulgaria , and Antarctic research including the organization and management of the scientific Antarctic expedition Tangra 2004 / 05 and the establishment of Camp Academia on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , and published Antarctic topographic maps , donating free copies to all Bulgarian school s .
Briefly working with Victor Gollancz again , Duff became the secretary of the National Campaign for the Abolition of Capital Punishment , set up in August 1955 , in part , as a response to a number of controversial executions ( including that of Ruth Ellis ) .
Truman counterattacked , pushing J. Strom Thurmond and his Dixiecrats out , as well as taking advantage of the splits inside the Republican Party and was thus 1948 United States presidential election .
Carmel Zollo , Bob Sneath , Russell Wortley and Ian Hunter were all elected , with 4.39 quotas Bob Sneath was elected president of the Legislative Council .
His father , William Hey Cobb , was a member of the Indian Civil Service , a Barrister from the Inner Temple who served as City Magistrate in Lucknow British Raj .
The Parti nationaliste du Québec was a fringe Quebec -based federal political party in Canada , that advocated sovereignty of Quebec and was founded by Parti Québécois ( PQ ) supporters .
About 500 people also gathered at the Cuban embassy in Mexico City .
Paris Sciences et Lettres - Quartier latin ( PSL ) is a new research university , made of cooperative actions between the École normale supérieure , the Collège de France , ESPCI ParisTech , Chimie ParisTech , Paris Observatory , Paris Dauphine University and the Curie Institute .
He was Secretary of state in the prime minister 's office in 1959-1960 , Minister of Labour and Social security ( with some interruptions during the cabinets of Pinay and of Pierre Mendès France ) from 1950 to 1956 and again in 1957-1959 .
AD 455-467.jpg | Coin of Skandagupta ( 455-467 ) , in the style of the Western Satraps .
On December 29 , Boris Gryzlov , who had been elected to the State Duma , was dismissed as Interior Minister and replaced with Rashid Nurgaliyev as acting Minister .
This was encapsulated by scandals about the care provided to the elderly and mentally ill at Ely Hospital in Cardiff , Farleigh Hospital in Bristol and Whittingham Hospital near Preston .
As Chancellor Kohl was strongly committed to European integration and French-German cooperation in particular ; he was also a steadfast ally of the United States and supported Ronald Reagan more aggressive policies in order to weaken the Soviet Union .
130,000 Allies of World War II pilots were trained in Canada in the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan .
324 Kennedy was particularly dissatisfied with De Gaulle 's intentions to assist West Germany in developing nuclear weapons .
Mahler has had numerous grants to support his research over the years , including support from the U.S. Department of Education ( two Fulbright grants ) , the U.S. Department of State , the Government of Canada , the Organization of American States , the Government of Israel , the Palestinian Academic Society for the Study of International Affairs , and the U.S.S.R. Institute for the Study of the U.S. and Canada .
In 1998 , his party 1998 United States House of Representatives elections in the House of Representatives and the Senate was 1998 United States Senate elections ( the smallest swing in the Senate 's history ) .
Learning Clover is having an affair , Edward sleeps with his interpreter Hanna Schiller ( Martina Gedeck ) ; he realizes she is a Soviet operative and she is killed .
Legislative Council member Roger Lobo moved a motion to demand a debate in the Legislative Council on the draft of Sino-British Joint Declaration in February 1984 .
Sejong the Great ( ; 15 May 1397 - 8 April 1450 ) was the fourth king of the Joseon dynasty of Korea .
Corrupted are a Japan ese doom / sludge metal band .
The Bolsheviks had used this tactics in other Ukrainian cities at that time in the same way , such as Katerynoslav ( current Dnipro ) , Odessa , Mykolaiv , and Kropyvnytskyi ( current Kropyvnytskyi ) .
The disastrous showing at the polls in the 1928 German federal election ( the party 's share of votes fell from 21 % in 1924 to 14 % in 1928 ) led to a new outbreak of party in-fighting.E. Kolb , " The Weimar Republic " , 2nd ed .
Their second son , Neil MacCormick ( 1941-2009 ) was regius professor of Public Law and Vice-Principal of the University of Edinburgh , and served as an SNP Member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004 .
" Planctopirus hydrillae " is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus of " Planctopirus " which has been isolated from the plant " Hydrilla verticillata " from Hyderabad in India .
As Minister of Defence , he encouraged New Zealand 's development of naval and air capabilities independent of the United Kingdom , and worked to improve the quality of compulsory military training .
She served as National Supervisor of Rwanda Nutritional Centres for four years beginning in 1986 , after which she coordinated a household energy saving project with SNV Netherlands Development Organisation .
Nicaraguan Liberal Alliance came in second with C $ 3,153,571 followed by the Constitutionalist Liberal Party with C $ 2,622,635 .
In appointments to public offices in government , administration , justice , and military he favored the conservative and monarchist Finnish Party and persons who had learned the Russian language well and resided longer times there , as opposed to possibly separatist Swedes and liberal Swedish Party .
Harry J. Anslinger was appointed its first commissioner by Secretary of the Treasury Andrew Mellon under President Herbert Hoover .
In 1898 , he wrote " Simon Dale " , a historical novel involving actress and courtesan Nell Gwyn .
The United Kingdom , France , Italy and Japan recognized the incorporation of Bessarabia through the Treaty of Paris .
Szatkowski participated in the program of the Munich Security Conference Munich Young Leaders ( 2019 ) .
He was an adviser to US presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush and chairman of the Republican National Committee .
In 1976 , the National Reorganization Process ' s economic plan led by Martínez de Hoz was the first attempt at establishing a neoliberal program in Argentina .
駐菲律賓臺北經濟文化辦事處 | p = Zhù fēilǜbīn táiběi jīngjì wénhuà bànshì chù } } ) represents the interests of Taiwan in the Philippines , functioning as a " de facto " embassy in the absence of diplomatic relations .
He was deputy of the Aude from 1831 to 1834 and from 1846 to 1848 , serving in the majority supporting the July Monarchy .
After the release of the Zimmermann Telegram the United States joined the First World War on April 6 , 1917 , declaring war on the German Empire .
The border state of Maryland remained part of the United States ( " the Union " ) , but the Surratts were Confederate States of America sympathizers ,
This was the first UK by-election in which the Conservatives declined to field a candidate in a seat they held since the Bristol South East by-election in 1963 , which was triggered to allow Tony Benn to regain the seat he was disqualified from holding upon his inheritance of the Stansgate viscounty .
The Holoholo people ( also " Horohoro " or " Kalanga " ) are an ethnic group that live around Kalemie city on Lake Tanganyika in the present-day Tanganyika Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and on the opposite shore of the lake in Tanzania .
In the 2014 Saxony state election , the CDU entered into coalition with the SPD .
Mulayam Singh Yadav , Defence Minister ( 1 June 1996 - 19 March 1998 ) , Indrajit Gupta ( Communist Party of India-United Front ) , Home Minister ( 29 June 1996 - 19 March 1998 ) , and L K Advani ( BJP ) , Home Minister ( 19 March 1998 - 22 May 2004 ) did little to implement these recommendations .
The headquarters are in Reykjavík with an affiliate in Akureyri , North Iceland .
Adam Smith ' s " The Wealth of Nations " , published in 1776 , was to provide most of the ideas of economics , at least until the publication of John Stuart Mill ' s " Principles of Political Economy " in 1848 .
The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child ( commonly abbreviated as the CRC or UNCRC ) is a human rights treaty which sets out the civil , political , economic , social , health and cultural rights of children .
It provided a single point of contact to interface with the governments of Hong Kong and China , especially to press for more democratic formulas for the Chief Executive election in 2017 and the Legco election in 2020 .
During an annual meeting of the International Air Transport Association in 2018 , the CEO of Qatar Airways , Akbar Al Baker , claimed that a woman could not do his job as " it is a very challenging position .
He served as Health Minister Ulla Schmidt ' s counterpart in negotiating the cross-party healthcare bill of 2003 .
The Polisario ( see below ) has generally taken a hostile attitude to tribalism , arguing that it is an outdated and antidemocratic model of governance , and actively campaigned against tribalism in the Tindouf refugee camp s and the areas of Western Sahara ruled by the exiled Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic .
Eventually , the Prime Minister , David Lange , fired Douglas as finance minister and then himself resigned .
He criticized the corruption in the government of the democratically elected President Shehu Shagari .
Suggested potential candidates at the time of Nigel Farage ' s resignation included Paul Nuttall , Steven Woolfe , Suzanne Evans , Diane James , Peter Whittle , Douglas Carswell and Patrick O 'Flynn , among others .
The 2007 Turkish general election was also technically an early election , being called four months early after Parliament 2007 Turkish presidential election a President , resulting in a more than 10-point increase in the AKP 's share of the vote .
He deplored David Lloyd George ' s rabble-rousing Limehouse Speech in the east end of London in 1909 that called for destruction of the class system .
In the 2011 Liberian general election , he ran unsuccessfully for Vice President alongside Winston Tubman .
Her maternal grandparents were the wealthy Greek friend of the late Roman Triumvir Pompey Pythodoros of Tralles , and Antonia .
The first Chief Commissioner of the PTC was Philip Shirley , a former chairman of Cunard , who came out of retirement to take up the position .
Eduardo Cojuangco Jr , who would go on to control San Miguel Corporation , and Ramon Cojuangco , late businessman and chairman of PLDT , and father of Antonio " Tony Boy " Cojuangco ( who would eventually succeed his father in the telecommunications company ) , both happened to be cousins of Corazon Aquino .
The Seljuq Sultan Muhammad I , then requested the two Bavandid rivals to appear in the Seljuq court of Isfahan .
Under Monroe and President John Quincy Adams , McLean presided over a major expansion of the United States Postal Service .
Germany 's occupation of Czechoslovakia , and subsequently its takeover of Continental Europe , put an end to IAB activities , though attempts were still made to revive it from London .
" The participation of Hashd Shaabi had concerned Turkey which doesn 't want the offensive to change the region 's ethnic composition .
The Arkansas Public Service Commission ( APSC ) regulates the service and rates of those utilities subject to its jurisdiction in the State of Arkansas , United States .
He was a visiting professor at the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva and at the Diplomacy Training Programme , University of Nairobi , Kenya , both in 1977 .
Faiz had strong ties with Bhutto , and was deeply upset upon Bhutto 's removal by Chief of Army Staff General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq in 1977 , in a military coup codename " Fair Play " .
The other candidate in the by-election was Joshua Thomas Bell , a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for the electoral district of Dalby .
Lu attended the National Chengchi University majoring political science .
In 2006 , it was reported in the book " State of Denial " by Bob Woodward that Kissinger met regularly with President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney to offer advice on the Iraq War .
The DLM won its first parliamentary seat in 2005 Lebanese general election representing the Tripoli district .
Following the election of Yordanka Fandakova as mayor of Sofia , she was released from the post of Minister of Education and Science on November 19 , 2013 .
According to Bosley Crowther , " thee should be pleasured by this film , " noting it is " loaded with sweetness and warmth and as much cracker-barrel Americana as has been spread on the screen in some time .
The leading members of the Silesian People 's Party in Czechoslovakia were : Józef Kożdoń , Rudolf Pierniczek , Karol Malina , Rudolf Francus , Walter Harbich in Český Těšín , Ludwik Niedoba i Alojzy Kuchejda in Jablunkov , Oswald Bayer in Třinec , Gustaw Wałach in Orlová , Robert Wallach in Komorní Lhotka , Karol Sikora and Jan Pasterny in Šumbark , Karol Kubik in Lyžbice , Bruno Kappel in Třanovice , Karol Bruck in Svibice and Józef Pellar in Bystrzyca .
Chrystia Freeland , the editor of Thomson Reuters , frequently refers to Silitski 's works .
Brooke was born in Kensington , London , the son of Stopford Brooke , an Irish clergymen , chaplain to Queen Victoria and writer , and his wife Emma ( née Wentworth-Beaumont ) .
In 1969 , François Mitterrand could not run for the Presidency : Guy Mollet refused to give him the support of the SFIO .
Ross , Skye and Inverness West was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1997 United Kingdom general election to 2005 United Kingdom general election .
Democratic victories over Republicans John F. Seymour ( of California ) and Bob Kasten ( of Wisconsin ) were cancelled out by the defeats of Democrats Wyche Fowler ( of Georgia ) and Terry Sanford ( of North Carolina ) .
The Croatian Social Liberal Party ( or HSLS ) is a conservative-liberal political party in Croatia .
Éamon de Valera was appointed as Taoiseach by the president on the nomination of the Dáil .
The latter 's son , Dr. Gessner Harrison ( 1807-1862 ) , graduated with an M.D. and LL.D. from the University of Virginia , and in 1828 was appointed by the school 's rector , James Madison , as a professor .
During the last days of Sultán Mahmúd , Sayed Muhammad Jaunpuri , who claimed to be the Mahdi or Messiah , came from Jaunpur Sultanate and lodged in Tájkhán Sálár 's mosque near the Jamalpur gate of Áhmedábád .
He completed the First Certificate in Governance of the National Governors Association ( 2007 ) .
VII In 2004 , after leaving the party of the Democrats of the Left , he endorsed Marxism , reassessing positively its projectual principles and wishing for a " return " to the thought of Karl Marx and to a communism , rid of distorted soviet developments , which have to be dialectic ally overcome .
In South Tyrol it consisted of the " Deutscher Verband " ( DV ) , a political party formed by the merger of the Christian-democratic " Tiroler Volkspartei " ( TVP ) and the national-liberal " Deutschfreiheitliche Partei " ( DFP ) ; the DV was successively led by Eduard Reut-Nicolussi and Karl Tinzl .
Shelton attended Bernarr Macfadden College of Physcultopathy in Chicago and interned at Crane 's Sanatorium in Elmhurst , Illinois .
The fall of the Vijayanagara Empire in 1565 at the Battle of Talikota started a slow disintegration of the Kannada speaking region into many short-lived " palegar " chiefdoms , and the better known Kingdom of Mysore and the kingdom of Keladi Nayaka s , which were to later become important centres of Kannada literary production .
The first ECPM president was Peeter Võsu of the Party of Estonian Christian Democrats .
This was originally a derogatory term referring to people who too readily invoked the name of Jesus in their politics ,
He was the brother of Montgomery Blair , a Mayor of St. Louis and Postmaster General under Lincoln , and the cousin of B. Gratz Brown , a U.S. Senator and Governor of Missouri .
In distinction from the new oppositionists , such as Boris Nemtsov , Garry Kasparov et al .
They were bound for Jerusalem in the Mandatory Palestine , where the Ethiopian royal family maintained a residence .
On July 31 , 1991 , Pilkey was named Solicitor General and Minister of Correctional Services and replaced by the more experienced Ed Philip .
" Harlequin " ( known as " Dark Forces " in US ) is a 1980 Australian thriller film directed by Simon Wincer and starring Robert Powell , Carmen Duncan , David Hemmings and Broderick Crawford .
In 1866 , he ran as the Democratic candidate for the United States House of Representatives from Michigan 's 1st congressional district , losing in the general election to Republican incumbent Fernando C. Beaman .
CSC was founded in 1974 as from a split of the Socialist Movement of Catalonia ( MSC ) .
Articles were introduced on " Integration into the European Union " and " NATO Accession , " bringing the total to 156 in 8 titles .
The clock tower was first renovated during the time of Mayor Lito Atienza .
They also represented Spain in other countries : she has traveled along with her husband to Jordan , Mexico , Peru , Hungary , the Dominican Republic , Panama , the United States , Serbia , Brazil , Uruguay , Sweden , Denmark , Japan , China , and Portugal .
As a result of the Tongsun Park influence-peddling scandal , House Speaker Carl Albert retired from Congress and O 'Neill was elected Speaker in 1977 , the same year Jimmy Carter became President .
Maas supported eight anti-Israel resolutions during a UN General Assembly vote , including resolution that calls on Israel to return the Golan Heights to Syria .
After U.S. Senator Everett Dirksen ( R - .
Dramatist s who have written political dramas include Aaron Sorkin , Robert Penn Warren , Sergei Eisenstein , Bertolt Brecht , Jean-Paul Sartre , Caryl Churchill , and Federico García Lorca .
Notable speakers in the past have included film-maker Adoor Gopalakrishnan , journalist Dilip Padgaonkar , lawyer Laxmi Mall Singhvi , and former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee .
Suprun is the founder of the nongovernmental organization Patriot Defence , which is devoted to developing tactical and emergency medical care in Ukraine .
A 1m-gauge portage railway bypasses the series of rapids , connecting Kisangani and Ubundu .
W. Paatii Ofosu-Amaah born William Jacob Paatii Ofosu-Amaah ( 13 July 1950 - 13 April 2016 ) was a Ghanaian lawyer , international civil servant and diplomat who served as the Vice President and Corporate Secretary of the World Bank Group from 2003 to 2007 .
Therefore , the Chancellors were considered the guardians of the King and state , ensuring that the King 's folly would not endanger the state by forcing it into an unnecessary war ( the wars that were prevented by the Chancellors included a great crusade against the Ottoman Empire that King Władysław IV Waza had planned in the 1630s ) .
His supporters organized a Sullivan for vice-president movement at the 1916 Democratic convention in Denver , but there was no real chance of Wilson putting him on the ticket .
She was elected to the Lok Sabha , lower house of the Parliament of India from Bharatpur , Rajasthan in the 2019 Indian general election as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party .
However , they refused to participate in the national unity government of Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Shamir , which included the Alignment , Likud , the National Religious Party , Agudat Israel , Shas , Morasha , Shinui and Ometz .
Functions of VLIK were resumed in October 1944 in Würzburg , but soon moved to Reutlingen ahead of the approaching Red Army .
Baja California Territory ( Territorio de Baja California ) was a Mexican territory from 1824 to 1931 , that encompassed the Baja California Peninsula of present-day northwestern Mexico .
After its reopening by then Premier of South Australia , John Olsen , on 19 September 1997 , the building was used to accommodate a number of community groups and organisations including Amnesty International Australia ( S.A. & amp ; N.T. Branch ) , the Amputee Association of South Australia , and the United Nations Association of Australia ( S.A. Division ) and Volunteering SA , for some years .
He once told Georgia Republican Ronnie Thompson , a mayor of Macon and fellow musician : " If you want to have any success in politics , sing softly and carry a big guitar , " a play on an old Theodore Roosevelt adage .Davis , quoted in Eric Welch , " Gospel-singing Jeweler Is ' Country ' Candidate , " " Macon Telegraph " , 1967 August 26 , p .
pp 211-213 The leading presidential candidates were William Gibbs McAdoo , a Protestant with a base in the South and West where the Klan was strong , and New York Governor Al Smith , a Catholic with a base in the large cities .
On December 11 , 1927 , She was the daughter of Dr. Charles Wardell Stiles and Virginia Baker Stiles and the granddaughter of Lewis Baker , who served as President of the West Virginia Senate , and U.S. Ambassador to Nicaragua , Costa Rica and El Salvador .
Stoddard was a member of the American Historical Association , the American Political Science Association , and the Academy of Political Science .
He was Chairman of the Board of Governors , of the United Oxford Hospitals , and of the Wellcome Trust , and of the Committee on Ministerial Affairs , of the Honours Scrutiny Committee , the President Kennedy Memorial Committee , the Rhodes Trust and the Rockefeller Foundation .
Thomas Jefferson would later write of the profound effect that these two books had on him : " I have read his Corruptions of Christianity , and Early Opinions of Jesus , over and over again ; and I rest on them ... as the basis of my own faith .
Starting in September he traveled on the Silk Road via cities Mashhad , Ashgabat , Bukhara , Samarkand , Tashkent and Kashgar to the western outskirts of the Taklamakan Desert .
She opened the Ogino Hospital in Yushima , specializing in obstetrics and gynecology , in Tokyo the same year as the first registered woman doctor in Japan .
It was reshuffled on 16 February when Julie Bishop stepped down from the role of Shadow Treasury ..
Malenkov , Kaganovich , Molotov and Bulganin attempted to oust Khrushchev in the summer of 1957 and won a vote in the Presidium to oust Khrushchev but Georgy Zhukov the defence minister and war hero , supported Khrushchev 's demands that the matter be sent to the Central Committee which overturned the Presidium vote .
Radelet has served as an economic adviser to President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia since 2005 , and worked in a similar role for the Government of Malawi from 2012-14 .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Walter Haag .
abgeordnetenwatch.de is based in Hamburg ; the project started in December 2004 for the Hamburgische Bürgerschaft ( " Hamburg Parliament " ) after a successful referendum to reform and democratize the electoral system .
He attended residential school s in Norway House , Brandon and Birtle , Manitoba , then secondary school at Garden Hill and Winnipeg .
Colmes was married to Dr. Jocelyn Elise Crowley , a professor of public policy at Rutgers University , whose sister is Monica Crowley , the conservative radio commentator , pundit and television personality .
Along with Pitt he was an advocate of a conciliatory policy towards Britain 's British America and a long-term critic of the North Government ' s measures in America .
Oregon 's 1st congressional district is represented by Democrat Suzanne Bonamici , the winner of a January 2012 special election with 53.8 % of the vote .
William Randolph Hearst ' s " New York Journal " was hostile to McKinley throughout the campaign ; prior to the Republican convention , Alfred Henry Lewis accused Hanna of acting on behalf of a syndicate , controlling McKinley .
In the United States , these protests marked a turning point for the civil rights movement , which produced revolutionary movements like the Black Panther Party .
Al-Libi was believed to have been tied to al-Qaeda since its 1994 roots in Sudan .
Transgogol Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Madang Province , Papua New Guinea .
He subsequently studied in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , for a Diploma in Aviation , which he obtained in 1976 .
They also introduced wage freezes The Social Contract led to most of the labour movement , especially longtime NDP ally Buzz Hargrove and his Canadian Auto Workers union ( CAW ) , the Ontario Public Service Employees Union ( OPSEU ) , and other public sector unions turning its backs on Bob Rae .
Trinity and Wright were profiled by correspondent Roger Wilkins in Sherry Jones 's documentary " Keeping the Faith " broadcast as the June 16 , 1987 , episode of the PBS series " Frontline with Judy Woodruff " .
Alodia , also known as Alwa ( , " ʿAlwa " ) , was a medieval Nubian kingdom in what is now central and southern Sudan .
The party was reduced to only twelve seats ( out of fifty-seven ) in the 1988 Manitoba general election , although Storie was re-elected in his riding without any serious difficulties .
In the 2016 Cook County State 's Attorney election , incumbent second-term State 's Attorney Anita Alvarez , a Democrat , lost her bid for reelection , being unseated in the Democratic primary by Kim Foxx , who went on to win the general election .
His image was also at the exhibition " Faces of the Kielce 's Communist Security Agencies , " organized by the Institute of National Remembrance .
It follows the real life corruption scandal in the UN Oil-for-Food Programme , and stars Theo James and Ben Kingsley .
In the fall of 1986 , he surprised colleagues by resigning from parliament to accept an appointment by Progressive Conservative Party of Canada Prime Minister Brian Mulroney as head of the Public Service Staff Relations Board , a position Deans went on to hold for 10 years .
" Never So Few " is a 1959 CinemaScope Metrocolor war film , directed by John Sturges and starring Frank Sinatra , Gina Lollobrigida , Peter Lawford , Steve McQueen , Richard Johnson , Paul Henreid , Brian Donlevy , Dean Jones , Charles Bronson , and Philip Ahn , and featuring uncredited roles by renowned Asia n actors Mako , George Takei and James Hong .
United Left-The Greens : Plural Left ( ) was a political coalition organized to contest the 2011 Spanish general election .
In 2008 , he was nominated for president a year after his presidential campaign began , and after close primary campaigns against Hillary Clinton .
To differing extents , crime has also been a prominent issue in Canadian , British , Australian , South African , French , German , and New Zealand politics .
Protesters believe that they are now in Canada , so they still have democracy and a right to speak out for their freedom .
In 784 , the capital moved briefly to Nagaoka-kyō , then again in 794 to Heian-kyō ( modern Kyoto ) , which remained the capital until 1868.Sansom , 99 .
Bert Trautmann OBE ( 22 October 1923 - 19 July 2013 ) was a German professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Manchester City from 1949 to 1964 .
1897 - Anglo-Afghan wars : The Siege of Malakand ended when a relief column was able to reach the British Raj garrison in the Malakand region of colonial India 's North West Frontier Province .
He stood again for East Hertfordshire in the 1929 United Kingdom general election .
It show the dominance of the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba ( blue ) and Manitoba Liberal Party ( red ) prior to World War I ; the inter-war wins of the Progressive Party of Manitoba party ( yellow ) ; and the post- World War II rise of the New Democratic Party of Manitoba ( orange ) , which mirrors the decline of the Liberal Party .
The 1983 novel " Winter 's Tale " is a sometimes fantastic tale of early 20th century life in New York City .
In 1941 , the state-security function was separated from the NKVD and became the People 's Commissariat for State Security ( NKGB ) , only to be reintegrated a few months later during the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union .
This position meant he was " de facto " head of state during a transitional period after the fall of Muammar Gaddafi ' s government in the Libyan Civil War , and until the handover of power to the General National Congress .
When William Ewart Gladstone ' s new government came to power , the Trade Union Congress campaigned for the minority report , made under the leadership of Sir William Erle , to be adopted .
In 2009 Vice-President Tariq al-Hashimi left the Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party ( which was at the time , Iraq 's main Sunni party ) , and launched a new party called the Renewal List .
During the 2003 floor-crossing period , she broke away from PAC and formed the Independent Democrats ( ID ) .
Woodward was elected as a Democrat to the Fortieth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Charles Denison .
It includes the Brompton , Fleurimont and Lennoxville boroughs of the city of Sherbrooke , as well as also various other municipalities .
For the 2017 Cambridgeshire and Peterborough mayoral election Dawe stood as an independent candidate for the newly created combined Mayor of Cambridgeshire and Peterborough role .
Recently I made note on Karl Shuker , a " leading cryptozoologist " that the article , although he advocates for a pesudoscienc field that is all but laughed out of real science ( i.e. the people who hunt bigfoot and the loc ness moster .. ) that there was no critques of his books or work , and all the sources were clearly pro-cryptozoology or self published .
He was also a founding member of the Board of Trustees of Ave Maria University and was a member of the Ave Maria Mutual Funds Catholic Advisory Board .
The fading Populist Party held on to five House seats , while the sole member of the Silver Party changed parties to Democratic .
The cession of Cyprus to the United Kingdom was , at first , perceived by the French newspapers as a great blow to his diplomatic reputation , until it became clear that his discussions with Lord Salisbury had resulted in Britain 's agreement to allow France a free hand in Tunisia .
Incumbent Governor George Wolf ran as an Independent Democrat .
As early as 1919 , he had joined Constantin Pancu in his " Garda Conştiinţei Naţionale " , an association of workers , engaging in street battles with those whom they saw as Bolshevik agitators and drafting a political program which owed inspiration to the Austria n Christian Social Party and , possibly , to the Austrian National Socialism .
In 2004 , the FCO carried out a review of the deployment of its diplomatic missions , and subsequently over a two-year period closed its missions in Nassau ( in the Bahamas ) , Asunción ( Paraguay ) , Dili ( East Timor ) , Maseru ( Lesotho ) , Mbabane ( Swaziland ) , Antananarivo ( Madagascar ) , Nuku 'alofa ( Tonga ) , Tarawa ( Kiribati ) , and Port Vila ( Vanuatu ) .
The same referendum in the canton of Zurich , originating with the Alternative List , was earlier approved in that Canton by Zurich 's voters with a 52.9 % majority in February 2009 .
The " worm " has been used in televised debate s for Australian federal election s , including those between then Australian prime minister John Howard and then-leader of the opposition Kevin Rudd in 2007 { { cite news
In 1972 , Tam ran in 1972 Cambodian presidential election against Lon Nol and Keo An .
The Socialists were ousted from the Portuguese Government after the 2011 Portuguese legislative election and Teixeira dos Santos returned to his academic career at the University of Porto .
Having married on 10 May 1843 Mary Anne , daughter of his uncle , Benjamin Thompson of Parkgate , Guiseley , who possessed the controlling influence in the old brewery at Bradford , he retired from the bar in 1857 and went to Bradford to take a part in the management and development of the brewery .
Shortly after the declaration of the Emergency , the Sikh leadership convened meetings in Amritsar where they resolved to oppose the " fascist tendency of the Congress .
Following the increase in the number of NCMP seats in Parliament to nine in 2010 , since the Workers ' Party garnered six seats at the 2011 Singaporean general election , three NCMP seats were offered .
Although several public opinion polls predicted that the 2006 Canadian federal election would result in either a strong Conservative minority or a slight majority , the Liberal Party of Canada enjoyed a last-minute surge but were unable to overtake the Conservative Party of Canada .
Byrd is a former adviser to Better for America .
There are currently three United Nations Special Envoys on Climate Change , appointed by Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on May 1 , 2007 .
The Socialist Gaston Defferre and the Radical Jean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber advocated such an alliance in the 1960s , culminating in Defferre 's disastrous candidacy in the 1969 French presidential election .
Jean Obeid ( born 8 May 1939 ) is a Lebanon journalist and politician , who served at different cabinet posts last of which was foreign minister of Lebanon from 2003 to 2004 .
Born on 20 December 1916 in the Montreal neighbourhood of Outremont , he studied at Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf secondary school and Collège Lionel-Groulx .
During World War II , Adolf Hitler unexpectedly dismissed many generals for defeatism .
The recently founded party Unión for Change made by PLN 's dissident Antonio Álvarez Desanti did not won any seat .
O 'Brien was elected to the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador ( PC ) in 2003 , representing the district of Gander until his resignation in 2015 .
( His wife , Elise , ran for the U.S. Congressional seat that he had previously held in 1984 , but lost to incumbent Democrat Tom Carper .
John Adams Dix was appointed secretary at the first meeting , with other additional secretaries thereafter .
Bharatiya Jan Congress ( Indian Popular Congress ) was a political party that existed in the India n state of Bihar around 1999-2001 .
In order to muster an imperial army to continue the war , he applied to Albrecht von Wallenstein , one of the richest men in Bohemia : the latter accepted on condition that he could keep total control over the direction of the war , as well as over the booties taken during the operations .
and E. H. Carr .See , for example , E. H. Carr 's " The Twenty Years ' Crisis " .
Between 1838 and 1840 , they left Australia and did missionary work in Mauritius and South Africa .
In 2019 he has not renewed his membership to Article One and in April of the same year he founded , together with Luca Pastorino and other " LeU self-advocates , " the " èVIVA ! " association , that in the 2019 European election supports The Left list .
Bugliosi wrote " Outrage : The Five Reasons Why O. J. Simpson Got Away with Murder " ( 1996 ) , about the acquittal of O. J. Simpson for the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Lyle Goldman .
He attended St. John 's Primary School , Aroloya , Lagos and Children 's Home School in Ibadan , South West of Nigeria .
In 1789 , Livingston joined the Jeffersonian Republicans ( later known as the Democratic-Republican Party ) , forming an uneasy alliance with his previous rival George Clinton and Aaron Burr , then a political newcomer .
Scott faced Elizabeth Cuevas-Neunder , a conservative activist and candidate for governor in 1998 Florida gubernatorial election and Yinka Adeshina , a pharmacist , in the Republican primary .
Moreover , for the first time , leaders from the Italian Left , such as Walter Veltroni , visited the Basovizza foiba and admitted the culpability of the Left in covering up the subject for decades .
It continues to organize the Jewish community in support of continued U.S. action to bring peace to Sudan , supporting the creation of South Sudan and working with the White House and Congress to ensure humanitarian assistance .
In 1169 Vladimir-Suzdal troops took Kiev .
Chantal Compaoré was born Chantal Terrasson de Fougères , in the Ivory Coast .
He had a much greater impact in Europe , where intellectuals of the Right , especially the current of thought sometimes called the European New Right , including the Belgian Jean Thiriart , the Russian Aleksandr Dugin , and French writers Alain de Benoist and Guillaume Faye , adopted positions similar to Yockey 's , although there is little evidence his work influenced them in this .
In September 1930 , Rivera accepted a commission by architect Timothy L. Pflueger for two works related to his design projects in San Francisco .
He was appointed the chairman of the social services select committee in 1987 , becoming the chairman of the new social security select committee in 1990 , a position he held until the 1997 United Kingdom general election .
Would someone please do something about this fella ? He 's been edit-warring and generally being disruptive on the Nazi Germany article and Nazism sidebar , posting fake RfCs , demanding the same changes over and over again , ignoring consensus , etc .
The federal Work Less Party nominated one candidate : Betty Krawczyk in the Vancouver East electoral district during the 2008 Canadian federal election .
One of the members of the 1936 coup , General Francisco Franco , would after the death of the faction 's earlier leaders head the Nationalists throughout most of the war and emerge as the dictator of Francoist Spain until 1975 .
Vijayakarthikeyan started out as an Assistant Collector and served in Erode from June 2012 to May 2013 .
After 1874 , he devoted much of his time to the study of American history , and in recognition of his work in this field was chosen president of the Massachusetts Historical Society in 1895 , and of the American Historical Association in 1901 .
claimed by both China and the Philippines .
In December 2017 , Kennedy testified as an expert witness for the League of Women Voters in its attempt to invalidate the 2011 electoral map .
It is a London borough council , one of 32 in the United Kingdom capital of London .
For the 2015 Croatian parliamentary election , the coalition changed its name into Croatia is Growing , and was joined by Croatian Labourists - Labour Party ( HL ) , Croatian Peasant Party ( HSS ) and Zagorje Party ( ZS ) , while Istrian Democratic Assembly left .
He declared his support for then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown in 2010 United Kingdom general election , and labelled David Cameron a " terrifying prospect .
It is a sister organization to the Americans for Prosperity -led political network initially funded by the Koch family .
The Democratic ticket of William Jennings Bryan and Kern was defeated by the Republican ticket of William Howard Taft and James S. Sherman .
The party asked its voters to support Klaus Iohannis of the National Liberal Party in the runoff election .
On 29 December 1943 , political control of the islands was theoretically passed to the Azad Hind government of Subhas Chandra Bose .
The Kapenguria Six - Bildad Kaggia , Kung 'u Karumba , Jomo Kenyatta , Fred Kubai , Paul Ngei , and Achieng ' Oneko - were six leading Kenyan nationalists who were arrested in 1952 , tried at Kapenguria in 1952-53 , and imprisoned thereafter in Northern Kenya .
Towards the end of his second term on council , Bury was elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a Conservative in the riding of Edmonton East in the 1925 Canadian federal election .
Helen Gahagan Douglas , a former California Congresswoman who was the first victim of Nixon 's Dirty Tricks in the 1950 Senate race came out of retirement to fight hard for me .
Peter Lougheed , who had created the modern Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta , led it to power in 1971 , and served as premier of Alberta for fourteen years , retired from politics in 1985 .
In October 1981 Iranian presidential election , when he voted to Ali Khamenei , he said it 's vote of " Imam ( Khomeini ) , clerics and the parliament .
Harris was born in Cedartown in Polk County , Georgia , and attended the common schools and graduated from the University of Georgia at Athens in 1890 .
After the death of Olav Kyrre he was hailed as King of Norway in Trondheim , while his cousin , King Magnus Barefoot , was hailed in Viken .
Mohammad Said bin Yusof ( BN- Jasin ) then said he was the unnamed MP , but insisted he had done nothing wrong in asking for leniency in the case of one of his constituents , whose import of timber from Indonesia had been seized on what Said called a " technicality .
Oliver also briefly attracted national notoriety in the 1960s when he published an article after the President John F. Kennedy assassination , suggesting that Lee Harvey Oswald was part of a Soviet conspiracy against the United States .
Meanwhile , Peter runs into his favorite teacher from his schooldays , Mr. Fargus ( voiced by Dwight Schultz ) , but is disappointed to discover that he has been reduced from his eccentric former self to a catatonic old man due to medication .
In the Weimar Republic he was a member of several governments , serving as minister of food / nutrition and minister of finance for the Catholic Zentrum .
He focuses on the analysis of protest and political opposition in the West Germany and the German Democratic Republic during the period from 1949-1990 , especially the protests of 1968 , the Red Army Faction and K-Gruppen .
After the demise of Second Spanish Republic , he was interned in France .
Informal groupings began and increased government stability occurred from the 1887 South Australian colonial election .
Born in the Rasiwasia family in Tinsukia , Assam , Savitri married Om Prakash Jindal in 1970s , who had founded the Jindal Group , a steel and power conglomerate .
John C. Fremont , one of the lake 's first White discoverers in 1844 , named it " Lake Bonpland " after Aimé Jacques Alexandre Bonpland , a French botanist who had accompanied Prussia n explorer Alexander von Humboldt in his exploration of Mexico , Colombia and the Amazon River .
In San Francisco , public opposition to freeway s dates to 1955 , when the " San Francisco Chronicle " published a map { { cite web
The Swedish Migration Agency ( ; previous English name : Swedish Migration Board ) , is a Sweden government agency .
Christian Democracy lost more than in the previous 30 years , the former Italian Communist Party , now divided between the Democratic Party of the Left and the Communist Refoundation Party , more than ever , as well as all the other parties .
( Under Article XIII , § 13 ( a ) of the New York Constitution , the County Clerks within New York City are not elected , but instead " shall be appointed , and be subject to removal , by the appellate division of the supreme court in the judicial department in which the county is located .
The government of Canada contracted with Andrew Onderdonk to build a railway two hundred miles from Port Moody on the Pacific tidewater to Savona 's Ferry , some thirty miles west of modern Kamloops .
Sam Yasgur , son of Max , agrees with Lang 's version , and says that his mother , who is still alive , says Max did not know Tiber .
King County Executive Ron Sims announced his candidacy , but failed to garner much interest .
He was also a professorial lecturer at the School of Government of Ateneo de Manila University and at the Department of Political Science of De La Salle University , teaching graduate students on public policy and the Philippine development experience .
The Provisional Government of Oregon originally hardly functioned due to various limitations upon its power , but after the adoption of the second Organic Code in 1845 , its control over the Willamette Valley was solidified .
Bartley was succeeded in office by his father , Mordecai Bartley , one of only a few instances of this occurring in high elected office in the United States .
However Mạc Đăng Dung , using submissive behavior and bribery , managed to obtain a temporary recognition of his rule from the Ming dynasty in 1528 .
The ZRP was formed in February 2001 as a merger of the Zambia Alliance for Progress ( ZAP ) , the Republican Party and the National Republican Party ; however , the ZAP later withdrew from the merger .
In the 2014 midterms , the district was the very last 2014 United States House of Representatives elections to be decided , as the official recount began on December 1 due to Republican Martha McSally leading incumbent Democratic congressman Ron Barber by fewer than 200 votes .
I found that the lead section of Leo Ku is one line lower than other articles , as if there is a blank line at the beginning .
After the 2008 presidential election , President John Atta Mills appointed him Minister for Health in his government in February 2009 .
Reed ran again in the 2017 St. Louis mayoral election .primary .
After this , he was appointed by Librarian of Congress Archibald MacLeish as head of the Legislative Reference Service and later Chief Assistant Librarian of Congress .
Buchanan 's report was commissioned in 1960 by Ernest Marples , Transport Minister in Harold Macmillan ' s 1959 United Kingdom general election , whose manifesto had promised to improve the existing road network and relieve congestion in the towns .
The Regional Plan Association is an independent , not-for-profit regional planning organization , founded in 1922 , that focuses on recommendations to improve the quality of life and economic competitiveness of a 31-county New York - New Jersey - Connecticut region in the New York metropolitan area .
He was a part of the Revolutionary Youth Movement ( RYM ) , a faction of SDS who believed revolution was imperative .
It is confirmed that Iperu is related to Ile Ife , Oyo , Ijebu Ode , and Epe in Sagamu by consanguinity traits and related to Eko Atlantic , Lagos state by religion as in the Eyo festival which took off from Iperu and was taken to Lagos state many years ago .
After the 2014 Hong Kong class boycott campaign and Umbrella Movement broke out , Lipinski joined Senator Sherrod Brown and Representative Chris Smith ' s effort to introduce the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act , which would update the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 .
On the same day , the former Interior Minister during President Samper ' s administration and prominent Liberal Party leader , Horacio Serpa , called for the Chamber of Representative ' s Commission of Accusations to investigate President Uribe 's possible links to paramilitaries .
Three pivotal figures in this Tibetan Renaissance were Rinchen Zangpo ( 958-1055 ) , who translated sutras , tantras and commentaries ; Atiśa ( 982-1054 ) , whose student Dromtön founded the Kadam school of Tibetan Buddhism ; and Marpa the Translator , the teacher of Milarepa , and himself regarded as student of Naropa .
In April 2009 , the website 's founders ( Peter Sunde , Fredrik Neij , and Gottfrid Svartholm ) were found guilty in the Pirate Bay trial in Sweden for assisting in copyright infringement and were sentenced to serve one year in prison and pay a fine .
He served in Morocco , becoming a corporal of the Regulares colonial troops based in Larache .
Some historians , such as Tadeusz Piotrowski , have characterized government policies supporting interwar Polish settlement in modern-day Ukraine and Belarus as colonization ( see Osadnik ) .
The political backdrop changed dramatically after January 1933 when he Nazi party took power and lost no time in transforming Germany into a one-party dictatorship .
The UEC is present in many universities , including the Sorbonne , Jussieu University , Tolbiac University , University of Paris III ( Censier ) , Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines , University of Paris VIII , University of Aix-Marseille , University of Bordeaux , University of Caen , University of Grenoble , University of Lyon , University of Orléans , University of Dijon , etc .
Byrd-Bennett also holds honorary doctorate degrees from Cleveland State University , Baldwin Wallace College , John Carroll University and the University of Notre Dame .
Although the VNQDD modelled itself on Sun Yat-sen ' s Chinese Nationalist Party ( the Kuomintang or KMT , later led by Chiang Kai-shek ) , even down to copying the " Nationalist Party " designation , it had no direct relationship with its Chinese counterpart and in fact did not gain much attention outside Vietnam until the Yen Bay mutiny in 1930 .
When Harman , as Leader of the House of Commons , stood in for Gordon Brown during Prime minister 's questions on Wednesday 2 April 2008 ( due to the Prime Minister attending a NATO summit in Romania ) , she became the first female Labour Minister to take Prime Minister 's Questions .
On 12 November 2012 Bielkova took the oath of the Member of Parliament of Ukraine and started to work with a Parliamentary faction of the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform of Vitali Klitschko .
The presidential elections were won by Mamadou Tandja of the National Movement for the Development of Society ( MNSD ) .
Following his release , he worked as a coal dealer in Berlin - Schöneberg , which camouflaged his more important role in the resistance to the Nazi régime , in which he was supported by , among others , Gustav Dahrendorf Ralf Dahrendorf ' s father , Ernst von Harnack and Ludwig Schwamb .
On returning to Australia , he was editor of " The Advertiser " , Adelaide ( 1988 ) and " The Sunday Herald Sun " , Melbourne ( 1990 ) .
In 1999 he was sentenced to an additional 20 years for war crimes in Tenja , near Osijek ,
She held positions in the shadow cabinet under the leadership of both Ed Miliband and Jeremy Corbyn .
On 8 January 2007 he resigned the presidency of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry to take up the position of Minister for Commerce in the interim cabinet of Commodore Frank Bainimarama .
He championed land nationalisation , but was generally considered to be on the right-wing of the ILP , and one of James Maxton ' s leading opponents in the Scottish branch of the party .
A High Court was established for the South African Republic ( the Transvaal Republic ) in 1877 , while the Witwatersrand gold fields were visited by a circuit court subordinate to the High Court .
On April 1 , 1963 , the agency , which moved to a building at Che Guevara Boulevard where it stayed for over thirty years , began telegraphic news broadcasting .
The Moravian denomination continues in United States to this day , with congregations in 18 states .
Following his term , Crittenden moved his law practice to Warrensburg , Missouri in partnership with Francis Cockrell .
The Nation Alliance Party was founded in June 2007 by four people : realtor Wei Ping Chen of Delta , renovator Steven Lian from Surrey , tourism guide Randy Liu from Burnaby , and Simon Fraser University student Locan Wang .
He was transferred yet again in August 2010 to Heilongjiang province , where he was appointed acting Governor , succeeding Li Zhanshu .
In his youth , Emanuele was a Jewish youth leader in the Hashomer Hatzair Socialist & amp ; ndash ; Zionist youth movement in Milan .
In 1809 , U.S. President James Madison appointed him to govern the newly created Illinois Territory .
Besides conspirators , members of the new government were : Radical Stojan Protić , Liberal Vojislav Veljković , leaders of the Serbian Independent Radical Party Ljubomir Stojanović and Ljubomir Živković and progressivist Ljubomir Kaljević .
Under their leader Mahmud Hotaki , the rebellious Afghans moved westwards against the shah himself and in 1722 they defeated a force at the Battle of Gulnabad and then besieged the capital , Isfahan .
It was ruled by the Akkadian Empire from 2334 BC until 2154 BC .
McMahon was elected to the House of Representatives at the 1949 Australian federal election .
Incumbent Simeon Datumanong is term-limited ; his Lakas-CMD nominated Annie Datumanong , his daughter , as their nominee .
In a 2002 town-hall meeting with actors from the National Theater , discussing whether the existing building needed to be demolished or not , Mayor Rama responded to the actors ' requests to keep the existing building intact using sarcasm and suggesting that the actors might as well designate Violeta Manushi ' s underwear as a " cultural monument .
Early parliamentary elections were held in Andorra on 3 April 2011 after the General Council of Andorra was dissolved over problems in passing important laws , including the budget and laws related to a value added tax .
The main countries of origin of asylum seekers , accounting for almost half of the total , were Syria ( 20 percent ) , Afghanistan ( 7 percent ) , Kosovo ( 6 percent ) , Eritrea ( 6 percent ) and Albania
During this period of the struggle for independence from the United Kingdom , radical nationalism had been in the ascendancy since 1938 , but it became very pronounced between 1945 and 1948 .
Yi Lianhong was born in Lianyuan , Hunan province .
In 1958 , he was sent as adviser to Paraguay , a country he found fascinating .
Many Jews became involved in Communist parties , constituting large proportions of their membership in many countries , including Great Britain and the U.S. There were specifically Jewish sections of many Communist parties , such as the Yevsektsiya in the Soviet Union .
" Peng was replaced by Lin Biao , who began a systematic purge of Peng 's supporters from the military .
Sergeyev joined the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party and became interested in revolutionary thinking , adopting the nickname ' Artyom ' , .
Known as Magan to the Sumer ians , the area was home to a prosperous Bronze Age trading culture during the Umm Al Nar period , which traded between the Indus Valley , Bahrain and Mesopotamia as well as Iran , Bactria and the Levant .
| Adolph Reed Adolph L. Reed , Jr , David Roediger , Saskia Sassen , Jane Slaughter , Immanuel Wallerstein , Stan Weir , Cornel West , B. J. Widick , Ashley Dawson , Ellen Willis , Kevin B. Anderson , Dan Georgakas , Patrick Bond , Sharon Smith , Christian Parenti , David Bacon , Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor , Gilbert Achcar and Howard Zinn .
The Communist Party of India ( Marxist-Leninist ) Red Star is a political party in India .
From 1947 to 1950 Delmare as external pupil finished the drama school of the Hebbel theatre in West Berlin .
Milton Berle and Robin Williams were famous for it .
Fortin had previously been a candidate for the New Democratic Party in two federal elections running in Verchères - Les Patriotes in 2008 and Pierre-Boucher - Les Patriotes - Verchères in 2015 , losing on both occasions .
The Security Service of Ukraine ( SBU ) released an audio recording on 5 May that they said was a phone call between a Donetsk separatist leader and the leader of the far-right paramilitary Russian National Unity group Alexander Barkashov .
Prior to the founding in 2001 , then-opposition Member of Parliament ( MP ) and for Potong Pasir Chiam See Tong was a member of Singapore Democratic Party ( SDP ) , but Chiam resigned to join Singapore People 's Party ( SPP ) ahead of the 1997 Singaporean general election due to the SDP saw internal strife to another member , Chee Soon Juan , who was made the party 's secretary-general .
Following his military service , Amir was nominated by the religious- Zionist youth movement Bnei Akiva to teach Judaism in Riga , Latvia , as part of Nativ .
In an August 2003 interview she urged all the warring groups in Warri to lay down their arms , saying that Ijaw s and Itsekiri s are brothers and should not allow political differences or other socio-economic factors to separate them .
The Circle of Tchaikovsky , also known as Tchaikovtsy , Chaikovtsy , or the Grand Propaganda Society ( " Чайковцы " , " Chaykovtsy " ; " Большое общество пропаганды " " Bolshoye obshchestvo propagandy " in Russian ) was a Russia n literary society for self-education and a revolutionary organization of the Narodniks in the early 1870s .
The death of King Alfonso II brought about a succession crisis in the Kingdom of Asturias .
In 2003 as well as in 2017 , attempts to ban the National Democratic Party of Germany ( NPD ) failed .
It 's currently affiliated to Forza Italia .
The Apostolic Faith Mission began in 1908 when John Lake and Thomas Hezmalhalch came from William J. Seymour ' s Azusa Street Mission to convert in South Africa .
Now a private citizen , The hereditary and legal privileges of the various German Royal , Princely , Ducal , and Noble families ended in August 1919 when the constitution of the Weimar Republic came into effect .
237 The Camp David Accords between Egypt and Israel in 1978 further fractured the Arabic-speaking countries .
Zaina won the Peter Mackler Award for Courageous and Ethical Journalism , Index on Censorship ' s Freedom of Expression Journalism Award , " Female Rebels Against The War " by WILPF Germany and Press Freedom Prize by Reporters Without Borders .
Andhra Pradesh Committee of Communist Revolutionaries was a communist group in Andhra Pradesh , India , led by Chandra Pulla Reddy .
The party is also federated with parties in the Balearic Islands and in Northern Catalonia in France , as well as with Republican Left of the Valencian Country in the Valencian Community .
On June 26 , the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) announced that they would nominate İsmet Yılmaz , the Minister of National Defence .
Notably , he has also called for the eventual reconstitution of the Ethiopian Navy , dissolved in 1996 in the aftermath of Eritrea 's secession after an extraterritorial sojourn in Djibouti , saying that " we should build our naval force capacity in the future .
The cabinet was formed by the political parties Labour Party ( PvdA ) , People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) and the Democrats 66 ( D66 ) after the election of 1998 .
In July 2015 , amidst a wave of protests against the Xinjiang conflict , MHP-affiliated " Ülkücü " attacked South Korea n tourists on Istanbul 's Sultanahmet Square .
Liu graduated from the University of Hong Kong in 1956 and went on to study English Literature at Oxford University .
Ηigh ranking PASOK officials Andreas Loverdos , Christos Verelis , George Floridis , George Lianis , Michalis Neonakis , Stavros Soumakis and Kimon Koulouris declared their support for Venizelos .
In the 1935 New Zealand general election , Ratana won two of the four Māori electorates .
Cicero accused Zeno of being inferior to his philosophical predecessors in his treatment of Logic , Cicero , " de Finibus " , iv .
Li Yan ( died 234 ) , courtesy name Zhengfang , also known as Li Ping , was a military general of the state of Shu Han during the Three Kingdoms period of China .
The Yeke Kingdom ( or Garanganze Kingdom ) in Katanga was short-lived , existing from about 1856 to 1891 under one king , Msiri , a Nyamwezi ( also known as ' Yeke ' ) from Tabora in Tanzania who got himself appointed as successor to a Wasanga chief west of the Luapula River by defeating the chief 's Lunda enemies .
The most notable of these are the Norwegian Missionary Society and the Norwegian Lutheran Mission .
When General de Gaulle returned to power in 1958 , he became Foreign Minister , a post he retained for ten years until the reshuffle that followed the events of May 1968 where he replaced Finance minister Michel Debré , keeping this post only a short time : very soon after the elections , he became a transitional Prime Minister , replacing Georges Pompidou .
This allowed the BC NDP , under the leadership of former Vancouver mayor Mike Harcourt , who had succeeded former leader Bob Skelly in 1987 , to win with 41 % of the popular vote ( one percentage point lower than the share the party had lost with in 1986 ) .
Since the 1920s , the main centre-right force in Australian politics at the federal level has been an alliance of parties known as the Coalition : originally consisting of the Nationalist Party and the Australian Country Party , it currently includes those parties ' successors , the Liberal Party of Australia and the National Party of Australia .
Kuropatkin was involved in the negotiations with the Empire of Japan before the Russo-Japanese War in 1904 .
Bruno Cavalcanti de Araújo ( born 15 March 1972 in Recife ) is a Brazil ian lawyer and politician , filiated to the Brazilian Social Democracy Party ( PSDB ) .
In the 2013 gubernatorial election , Republican Chris Christie received 64.2 % of the vote ( 602 cast ) , ahead of Democrat Barbara Buono with 32.4 % ( 304 votes ) , and other candidates with 3.4 % ( 32 votes ) , among the 961 ballots cast by the borough 's 2,666 registered voters ( 23 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 36.0 % .
Elias G Atallah ( ) ( born 1947 ) , is a Lebanese politician , and an elected member of parliament during the 2005 Lebanese general election .
It emerged from the World Social Forum and follows its Charter of Principles .
She was born in Bursa to Kemal and Naciye Tezel .
In 1999 Panamanian general election MOLIRENA allied with the Union for Panama ( ADP ) and its candidate Mireya Moscoso .
Having made his mark in opposition during the last days of the empire , he was appointed deputy-mayor of Paris after the government was overthrown .
During the 1980s , Russell teamed with John Carpenter several times , helping create some of his best-known roles , usually as anti-hero es , including the infamous Snake Plissken of " Escape from New York " and its sequel , " Escape from L.A. " .
On 23 February 1848 , King Louis Philippe of France was forced to flee Paris , and a republic was proclaimed .
He represented Oxford in varsity match es against Cambridge from 1925 to 1927 , in which year he won the three miles race .
Several prominent politicians , such as Dezső Pattantyús-Ábrahám and Győző Drozdy also joined the party .
As a student he became a member of Katholischer Studentenverein Arminia Bonn ( a part of Kartellverband ) .
James Blake was born in the United Kingdom in 1934 .
Alexander was born in 1756 , in what was at the time known as Anson County in the Province of North Carolina ( his birthplace is located near the modern city of Concord ) .
While stationed in Chicago in 1966 , he joined the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee , which had helped obtain national civil rights legislation passed in 1964 and 1965 .
When Susaykov ignored him , Salogor turned to Georgy Malenkov of the Orgburo , informing him that such abuse " create d a favorable terrain for the emergence of illegal anti-Soviet activities .
Meighen 's Conservatives won a plurality of seats in the 1925 Canadian federal election but King 's Liberals were able to continue in power until 1926 with the support of the Progressives , until King 's government lost a non-confidence vote in the House of Commons of Canada .
The Foundation continued to support education in the new Czech Republic .
He was the official spokesman in America for the Finnish Socialist Revolutionary government of 1918 and , after its overthrow , was influential in the official affairs of the government of Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic in the United States .
Scott Broadwell was then a physician and commander of the Mannheim military clinic in Germany and Kranz was completing a military intelligence deployment .
The party won the 1933 general election , winning 16 out of 30 seats in the Southern Rhodesian Legislative Assembly and formed the government with party leader Godfrey Huggins becoming Prime Minister of Southern Rhodesia .
Being Pakistan 's largest ADSL2 + provider , PTCL primarily provides its customers with ADSL broadband , however as demand for higher bandwidth connections has increased , PTCL is upgrading its customers to VDSL2 and FTTH GPON in a few major cities , namely Karachi , Lahore , Islamabad , Rawalpindi , Quetta and Peshawar .
Another two army -sized reorganized divisions were deployed in Yi ( 峄 ) County and Zaozhuang respectively as reserves .
" The Idler " is a bi-monthly United Kingdom magazine devoted to promoting its ethos of " idle living " and all that entails .
During the 2008 presidential campaign , Thompson endorsed former U.S. Senator Hillary Clinton ( D- New York ) for President ; his district , however , was narrowly won by Barack Obama .
Küçük died in a City of Westminster hospital on January 15 , 1984 , less than a year after the Unilateral declaration of Independence of the self-proclaimed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus .
Edelstein was born in Meseritz ( Międzyrzec Podlaski ) , Poland , and at three years of age immigrated to the United States with his parents , who settled in New York City .
He retained several ministers such as Sri and Luhut , but also included founder of Go-Jek Nadiem Makarim and two-time presidential rival Prabowo Subianto , as education and defense ministers respectively .
He also attended the Christchurch College of Education ( currently , University of Canterbury ) , qualifying as a teacher .
This famous " Grand Design , " a utopia n plan for a Christian republic , is often cited as one of the first grand plans and ancestors for the European Union .
Within Russian political parties , liberal parties advocate the expansion of political and civil freedoms and mostly oppose Vladimir Putin .
The subsidiarity of the East Saxons to Mercia is shown in charters of Coenred , and found an amicable settlement when Coenred and Offa of Essex abdicated together and went to Rome to lead religious lives in 709 .
The building measures 82 feet by 142 feet and is 139.5 feet tall from the sidewalk to the top of the county 's namesake and Founding Father John Hancock .Paulette Weiser ( 2007 ) .
In 2006 , the black ball was awarded to Gigi Becali for his homophobic remarks and virulent opposition to the Bucharest GayFest pride parade .
Talabani was one the members of the Democratic Patriotic Alliance of Kurdistan ( KA ) elected to the Iraqi Transition National Assembly in January 2005 Iraqi parliamentary election .
His father Martin Morritz Deutsch owned an optical shop on Prague 's Wenceslas Square and was also active in the Czech Social Democratic Party .
On 7 December , it was announced that " De boer dat is de keerl " was the ninth most voted song , and the top voted song in rural areas such as Twente , Weststellingwerf and Normaal 's native Achterhoek region .
In the 2013 gubernatorial election , Republican Chris Christie received 70.9 % of the vote ( 458 cast ) , ahead of Democrat Barbara Buono with 27.4 % ( 177 votes ) , and other candidates with 1.7 % ( 11 votes ) , among the 664 ballots cast by the borough 's 1,264 registered voters ( 18 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 52.5 % .
Leadership candidate Peter Kormos and his support generally went to Hampton rather than Lankin , which was seen as important to Hampton 's victory .
Fourteen additional destinations were added to the Qatar Airways network during 2012 , including Addis Ababa , Baghdad , Belgrade , Erbil , Gassim , Kigali , Kiliminjaro , Maputo , Mombasa , Perth , Saint Petersburg , Warsaw , Yangon , and Zagreb .
By the outbreak of the American Civil War , Downey pledged support to the Union , responding to requests by U.S. Secretary of War Simon Cameron for California troop assistance .
Among the invalid sources , he mentioned ' observers from " human rights " organizations , and activists of the opposition such as Communist Party of the Russian Federation Gennady Zyuganov and Maria Gaidar from the liberal camp ' .
Pamela Curr of the Asylum Seeker Resource Centre accused Kenny of forcing his way into Abyan 's quarters to speak to her - a claim Kenny strongly denied .
Former US Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , another supporter of Korean unification , proposed a six-party conference to find a way out of the Korean dilemma , composed of the two Koreas and four connected powers ( the United States , the Soviet Union , China , and Japan ) .
In 1995 , Fianna Fáil were again in opposition , and the new party leader Bertie Ahern designated Brennan as Opposition Spokesperson for Transport , Energy and Communications .
The highways would have intersected in a large stack interchange complex roughly where the Carter Center exists today , east of downtown Atlanta .
The old 5th is only slightly less Democratic than its predecessor ; Obama won the district in 2008 with 70 % ( down three points from the old 5th ) , and 2010 Democratic U.S. Senate nominee Alexi Giannoulias carried it with 55 % of the vote .
In February 2016 , core figures of the student activist group Scholarism - Joshua Wong , Oscar Lai and Agnes Chow - who played an instrumental role in the 2014 Hong Kong protests , announced their plan of forming a new political party with other Umbrella Movement leaders , including Nathan Law , former secretary-general of the Hong Kong Federation of Students ( HKFS ) , to run in the 2016 Hong Kong legislative election .
" Marland Estate Mansion and E.W. Marland : Ponca City , Oklahoma " , Ponca City , Oklahoma : City of Ponca City , 2001 , pp. 17 , 20 He and William Skelly were instrumental in the founding of the Kansas-Oklahoma division of the United States Oil and Gas Association , then known as " Mid-Continent Oil and Gas Association .
Republican Kevin Raye , of Perry , was the Chief of Staff to U.S. Senator Olympia Snowe .
In addition to Conservative and Labour opponents he also faced a Lloyd George National Liberal , the former MP for Truro , George Hay Morgan , the Truro seat having been abolished in boundary changes .
However , the Bijolia and the Harsha inscriptions name Durlabharaja 's successor as " Guvaka , " which appears to be a vernacular variation of the name " Govinda .
In 1980 Zimbabwe gained its independence and the Ministry was succeeded by the Ministry of Agriculture of Zimbabwe .
Alexis Keller is a professor of Political Sciences at the University of Geneva .
Stirton was a delegate to the 1908 convention of the Socialist Party of America held in Chicago , Illinois where he was one of two delegates representing the state of Michigan .
The party gained one seat in the Oregon State Senate and three seats in the Oregon House of Representatives , bringing its advantage over the Oregon Republican Party to 18-12 and 38-22 , respectively .
From 2000 to 2001 , he studied at Stanford University and at Harvard University , in the United States .
In 1990 , following the electoral defeat of the government of the Socialist Republic of Croatia , ethnic tensions worsened .
In the 2013 gubernatorial election , Republican Chris Christie received 68.1 % of the vote ( 770 cast ) , ahead of Democrat Barbara Buono with 27.8 % ( 314 votes ) , and other candidates with 4.1 % ( 46 votes ) , among the 1,138 ballots cast by the township 's 2,397 registered voters ( 8 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 47.5 % .
Henry Clay Frick , the factory 's notoriously anti-union manager , hired 300 armed guards from the Pinkerton Detective Agency to break the union 's picket lines .
Former Governor Jim Hogg bought the property in 1902 .
After Mohr married in 1937 , she was required to resign her position ( the BDM required members to be unmarried and without children in order to remain in leadership positions ) , and was succeeded by Dr. Jutta Rüdiger , a doctor of psychology from Düsseldorf , who was a more assertive leader than Mohr but nevertheless a close ally of Schirach , and also of his successor from 1940 as HJ leader , Artur Axmann .
The 1MDB board was aware that PSOSL operates in Venezuela n waters where sanctions have been imposed by the United States and ending drilling contracts , but the decision to invest in PSOSL proceeded despite such conditions .
After receiving her Master 's Degree in 1968 , Castor moved with her family to Tampa , where she joined the League of Women Voters ' s Tampa chapter , becoming its president in 1970 .
However , the SCNS has most likely retained a structure similar to the Soviet Union ' s Committee for State Security .
The first elections to the authority were on 2014 Northern Ireland local elections .
Jože Javoršek was the pen name of Jože Brejc ( 20 October 1920 - 2 September 1990 ) , a Slovenia n playwright , writer , poet , translator and essayist .
Kaczynski 's lawyers , headed by Montana federal public defender s Michael Donahoe and Judy Clarke , attempted to enter an insanity defense to avoid the death penalty , but Kaczynski rejected this strategy .
In response , Sun Quan ordered Lü Fan , Quan Cong and others to lead the Wu forces to resist the invaders .
In the 2013 German federal election , Benning ran for the direct mandate in the constituency of Münster , which she won with 38.8 % of the first votes .
In 1969 the SPD won a majority for the first time since 1928 by forming a social-liberal coalition with the FDP and led the federal government under Chancellors Willy Brandt and Helmut Schmidt from 1969 until 1982 .
" Cuyamel Fruit Company was backing the Liberal Party of Honduras while United Fruit was betting on the National Party of Honduras horse .
Some of the NIF policies , such as the war with the non-Muslim south , have been reversed , though the National Islamic Front still holds considerable power in the government of Omar al-Bashir and National Congress Party , another Islamist party in country .
Churchill was on his way to Dunkirk on the night of 2 October when his train was halted and he was taken back to London for a meeting with Kitchener , Sir Edward Grey ( Foreign Secretary ) , Prince Louis of Battenberg ( First Sea Lord ) and Sir William Tyrrell , Grey 's secretary ( Asquith was away making a recruiting speech in Cardiff ) .
In late 2016 , Myanmar ' s armed forces and police started a major crackdown on Rohingya people in Rakhine State in the country 's northwestern region .
Ronald Reagan ' s speech on Goldwater 's behalf , grassroots organization , and the conservative takeover ( although temporary in the 1960s ) of the Republican party would all help to bring about the " Reagan Revolution " of the 1980s .
Following a fire in Valladolid in 1561 , he resisted calls to move his Court to Lisbon , an act that could have curbed centralisation and bureaucracy domestically as well as relaxed rule in the Empire as a whole .
In 1944 , while serving with the Nazi Germany Wehrmacht in France , he deserted and joined the Maquis , bringing with him four trucks of arms and ammunition and 500,000 francs .
On 18 October 2011 , Eurosceptic British businessman and Conservative life peer Simon Wolfson launched a contest that offered a £ 250,000 reward for " a plan for how the euro could be safely dismantled , " and for " what a post-euro eurozone would look like , how transition could be achieved and how the interests of employment , savers , and debtors would be balanced .
Despite its name , it was started by politicians from a mixture of political parties , including Peter Bone , Tom Pursglove and Liam Fox from the Conservatives , Kate Hoey from Labour , Nigel Farage from UKIP , Sammy Wilson from the DUP and George Galloway from Respect .
In 1829 , Garrison began writing for and became co-editor with Benjamin Lundy of the Quaker newspaper " Genius of Universal Emancipation " , published in Baltimore , Maryland .
John McCain , born August 29 , 1936 , in the U.S.-controlled Panama Canal Zone , Senator from Arizona .
The 2000 delegates assembled at the convention nominated Texas Governor George W. Bush for president and former U.S. Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney for .
As of January 2013 he was under investigation by the Communist Party of China ' s anti-corruption agency .
It quickly made a treaty on 26 February 1884 with its former ally , the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , to block off the Congo Society 's access to the Atlantic .
Thomas Vlassenroot , a citizen of Luxembourg , after his divorce , decides to enlist in the French Foreign Legion .
The two ancient universities of Cambridge and Oxford elected two members each from 1603 .
The group played regularly throughout the UK , often appearing with bands such as GBH and The Exploited , and the success of the debut album also saw them touring Canada , the United States , Italy , Yugoslavia , Holland , Finland , and Sweden .
The Czechoslovak government-in-exile led by President Edvard Beneš issued a proclamation in April 1944 excluding from political participation former collaborationist Hungarians , Germans , and the Russophile Ruthenian followers of Andrej Brody and the Fencik Party ( who had collaborated with the Hungarians ) .
Radice went on to represent Chester-le-Street in the Labour interest until the seat was abolished in 1983 United Kingdom general election .
In 1957 he received his high-school diploma and started studying law at the universities University of Freiburg and University of Hamburg .
Under the alternating system , elections were only held in five out of the nine provinces : Antwerp , Brabant , Luxembourg , Namur and West Flanders .
He was also ruler of Estonia , after its conquest by Sweden in 1561 .
The Bemba , Kazembe-Lunda , Kanongesha-Lunda and Lozi in Zambia are just some of the people who trace their origins to Katanga .
Following opposition victories in key Serbian cities such as Belgrade , Niš and Novi Sad , Milošević refused to recognize the results , sparking three months of peaceful protest marches by hundreds of thousands of citizens .
In his first term in the legislature , which met in the state capital of Nashville , Johnson did not consistently vote with either the Democratic or the newly formed Whig Party , though he revered President Andrew Jackson , a Democrat and fellow Tennessean .
In July 2019 a new coalition agreement was signed between Lithuanian Farmers and Greens Union ( LVŽS ) , Social Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania ( LSDP ) , Electoral Action of Poles - Christian Families Alliance ( LLRA-KSS ) , and Order and Justice ( TT ) .
When William Craig , the leader of Vanguard , proposed forming a coalition government with the nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party , Baird led the majority of Vanguard in leaving to form the United Ulster Unionist Movement .
This is the main reason why War Democrat Andrew Johnson was selected to be the vice presidential nominee as then-current Vice President Hannibal Hamlin was not nominated .
During his lifetime , Roman was active inside the Romanian Communist Party , Communist Party of Czechoslovakia , French Communist Party , and Spanish Communist parties as well as being a Comintern cadre .
M 'ba , whose health was declining , appointed Bongo as Vice-President of Gabon on 12 November 1966 .
The party fielded three candidates in the 2014 Indian general election , standing in Eluru , Peddapalli and Rajampet .CEO Andhra Pradesh .
Guo Jinlong was born in Nanjing .
That however bothered Josip Broz Tito .
She was currently Minister of Labour , Migrations and Social Security of the Government of Spain between 2018 and 2020 , when was succeeded by Yolanda Díaz and José Luis Escrivá .
He is credited with the establishment of numerous public institutions in the city of Hyderabad , including the Osmania University , Osmania General Hospital , State Bank of Hyderabad , Begumpet Airport , and Hyderabad High Court to name a few .
Burrinjuck MP Katrina Hodgkinson initially announced her intention to run for Goulburn , taking on her cabinet colleague , Liberal Pru Goward , on the grounds that much of the area she now represented would be in the Goulburn district come 2015 .
The most recent elections were in May 2013 , with 13th district city councilman Eric Garcetti defeating city controller Wendy Greuel for Mayor .
By the mid-1930s , the La Follettes had reformed the Progressive Party on the state level in the form of the Wisconsin Progressive Party .
he was again a member of the Finnish parliament for a short while , after Eva Biaudet resigned to take a position at the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe .
On January 11 , 2018 , during an Oval Office meeting about immigration reform , commenting on immigration figures from El Salvador , Haiti , Honduras , and African countries , Trump reportedly said : " Those shitholes send us the people that they don 't want , " news anchors such as Anderson Cooper and Don Lemon called Trump a racist .
The CMS operated a large number of dispensary hospitals , whose patients included opium addicts at Ningbo , from 1866 , and leprosy patients , such as at Beihai ( Pakhoi ) , from 1890 , and Hangzhou ( Hangchow ) , from 1892 .
He is the former senior deputy to the leader of the Green Party of Canada , and a former leadership contestant for that party .
Following the 16 May crisis in 1877 , Legitimist s were pushed out of power , and the Republic was finally governed by republicans referred to as Opportunist Republicans for their support of moderate social and political changes in order to establish the new regime firmly .
He was arrested on his way to Poland at Brussels by the Habsburg Monarchy .
Following an investigation by state auditors into questionable reimbursements , which included a purchase at Priape , a Toronto shop specializing in gay -interest merchandise , Kirsten Boyd Johnson , .
She holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from the Protestant University in Congo .
The medal was approved by General Order at Shimla by the Honourable East India Company on 4 October 1842 .
Abrahamyan 's government was the governing body of Armenia from April 2014 to September 2016 .
According to Sdok Kok Thom inscription , After he eventually returned to his home , the former kingdom of Chenla , he quickly built up his influence , conquered a series of competing kings , and in 790 became king of a kingdom called " Kambuja " by the Khmer .
In 1802 , France sent most of the disgruntled legionnaires ( two demi-brigade s , 5,280 strong ) to Haiti to put down the Haitian Revolution ( on the Caribbean island of Haiti , known then as Saint Domingue , the French West Indies ) .
Dereck J. Hogan is the current U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova , and was sworn in on November 2 , 2018 .
Pierce went on to defeat the Whig candidate , Winfield Scott , in the 1852 presidential election , while Douglas won re-election to the Senate.Morris ( 2008 ) , Perris p .
Among the more hotly contested races was Pickstock , where Attorney General and Senator Godfrey Smith defeated Bobby Usher of the PUP old guard .
One of the critics of the Chinese Exclusion Act was the anti-slavery / anti-imperialist Republican Senator George Frisbie Hoar of Massachusetts who described the Act as " nothing less than the legalization of racial discrimination .
Based on the 1970 novel of the same name by Jerzy Kosiński , it was adapted for the screen by Kosiński and the uncredited Robert C. Jones .
Endorsed by Mohamed on behalf of President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , the pact was brokered by the Foreign Ministry of Ethiopia and came after protracted bilateral talks .
Miodrag Lekić led the joint electoral list in the parliamentary election in October 2016 .
Chicoutimi is a provincial electoral district in the Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean region of Quebec , Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
On 13 February 2016 , Respect Party leader George Galloway interviewed UKIP leader Farage on " Sputnik " , the show he presents for the Russian RT television network ; Galloway and Farage agreed on everything that was discussed and Galloway expressed his commitment to joining GO .
The 1920 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 2 , 1920 , as part of the 1920 United States presidential election which was held throughout all contemporary 48 states .
Born in 1952 in Shenyang , Gan was raised in Hangzhou .
Mitchell was born in Harare , the capital of Southern Rhodesia .
On June 19 , Carter attended and spoke at the annual Human Rights Forum at Croke Park .
Bok recently served as the faculty chair at the Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations at Harvard , taught at the Harvard Graduate School of Education , and is the 300th Anniversary University Professor at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government .
In April 2008 , he won the Manang seat in the 2008 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election , defeating the sitting Nepali Congress MP Palten Gurung .
He is the husband of actress Michèle Deslauriers and the father of actress Caroline Dhavernas and voice actress Gabrielle Dhavernas .
The first was led by left-wing republican José Giral ( from July to September 1936 ) ; however , a revolution inspired mostly on libertarian socialist , anarchist and communist principles broke within the Republic , which weakened the rule of the Republic .
Labour is a member of the Party of European Socialists and Progressive Alliance , and holds observer status in the Socialist International .
The volcano destroyed the island 's urban center and capital Plymouth , as well as many other villages and neighborhoods .
After the 2006 local government elections , it joined the multi-party coalition led by Democratic Alliance ) which supported the mayoral government of the DA 's Helen Zille .
This led Weimar 's Otto Landsberg and Rudolf Breitscheid to call for an armed force to secure Germany 's remaining eastern territories ( some of which contained significant Polish minorities , primarily on the former Prussian partition territories ) .
A fervent Whig and friend of U.S. Senator Henry Clay ( who would visit the district many times ) , Faulkner advocated internal improvements ( including the National Road and Chesapeake and Ohio Canal which passed through Martinsburg ) .
Melilla and Ceuta , two autonomous Spanish cities on the north coast of Africa bordering Morocco , are the only EU territories to share a land border with an African country .
Between 1903 and 1907 he studied Polish philology at the Jagiellonian University in Krakow .
Despite this poll it won in the 10 June 2007 2007 Belgian federal election , 1 out of 150 seats in the Chamber of Representatives and 1 out of 40 seats in the Senate .
The Canada government , which maintained more positive relations with Cuba than the United States did during and after the Cold War , also responded favorably , with Foreign Minister John Baird suggesting to " The Atlantic " commentator Jeffrey Goldberg that the policy shift could help " transform " Cuba for the better .
He remained at Brussels until August 1782 , when he was despatched to Paris by Lord Shelburne as plenipotentiary to negotiate a peace with the crowns of France and Spain , and with the States General of the United Provinces ; and on 20 January 1783 the preliminaries of peace with the first two powers were duly signed .
There is a move to unify seven parties - Loktantrik Janata Dal , Rashtriya Lok Samata Party , Samajwadi Janata Party ( Rashtriya ) , Samajwadi Jan Parishad , Socialist Party ( India ) , Socialist Party ( Lohia ) , and Loktantrik Samajwadi Party .
The Humanist Association of Ireland ( HAI ) is a Republic of Ireland secular humanist organisation that was founded in 1993 to promote Humanism , which they describe as : blockquote
When Manickavasagam became president of the Malaysian Indian Congress , he decided to introduce new faces to the party in leadership positions .
" In response , Carrie Lam , the Chief Executive of Hong Kong said the comment was " irresponsible .
On 4 July 2017 , a mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe attacked seven Rohingya men from Dapaing camp for internally displaced persons with bricks ,
In Congo , students at Gombe High School became entranced with American rock and funk , especially after James Brown visited the country in 1969 .
Chalian served as Yahoo ! News ' Washington bureau chief but was fired from his position after he was overheard on a live microphone during an online broadcast from the 2012 Republican National Convention saying that Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and his wife Ann Romney were " not concerned at all " and " happy to have a party with black people drowning " during Hurricane Isaac .
During a 1945 lecture series entitled " The Soviet Impact on the Western World " ( published as a book in 1946 ) , the pro-Soviet British historian E. H. Carr claimed : " The trend away from individualism and towards totalitarianism is everywhere unmistakable " and that Marxism-Leninism was by far the most successful type of totalitarianism as proved by Soviet industrial growth and the Red Army ' s role in defeating Germany .
The EC has reacted to irregularities in the 2000 Thai Senate election , the 2006 House elections , and the 2007 Thai general election , forcing re-elections and disqualifying many candidates .
He died at Potsdam on 10 September 1850 .
Based in Warsaw ( Poland ) , ODIHR is active throughout the 57 participating States of the OSCE .
This meant a victory for the VLD and Guy Verhofstadt , who would become Prime Minister of Belgium until 2007 .
RISE - Scotland 's Left Alliance is a left-wing electoral alliance and political party created ahead of the 2016 Scottish Parliament election .
The post was created in 1963 when Abba Eban was appointed to the position in Levi Eshkol ' s first government .
It contains Bristol , Middlesex , Norfolk , Plymouth and Worcester counties .
In 1987 , he travelled to Moscow to meet Soviet Union leader Mikhail Gorbachev in what was perceived as a difficult time in West German-Soviet relations , after chancellor Helmut Kohl had angered Moscow by comparing Gorbachev to Joseph Goebbels .
The second Mustafa Mero government was the first Syria n government during the presidency of Bashar al-Assad .
Late in 1989 , the governments of Vietnam and Myanmar ( Burma ) invited PETRONAS Carigali to take part in joint ventures to explore for oil in their coastal waters .
The two general elections of 1974 saw the return of a minority Labour Government and advances by the Nationalists ( they won 7 seats in the February 1974 United Kingdom general election and 11 in October 1974 United Kingdom general election ) .
In the areas of land and energy law the extensive proprietorial rights of the Saudi state ( in effect , the House of Saud ) constitute a significant feature .
Grotewohl was arrested after Georg Elser ' s attempted assassination of Adolf Hitler and other high-ranking Nazis on 8 November 1939 , spending about eight weeks in custody before being released .
Beel was not the party 's leader a post which was taken by Carl Romme , who led the KVP between 1946 and 1961 , from the House of Representatives .
Tom Watson , deputy Labour leader , was re-elected in West Bromwich East and Valerie Vaz , shadow leader of the Commons , held Walsall South .
On 4 November 2011 , Igor Dodon announced that he would quit the Party of Communists along with MPs Zinaida Greceanii and Veronica Abramciuc .
The 1982 United Nations Security Council election was held on 19 October 1982 during the Thirty-seventh session of the United Nations General Assembly , held at United Nations Headquarters in New York City .
They were all buried with full military honours at the Osu Military Cemetery in Accra .
Ofqual is the authority which regulates and accredits British examination boards offering GCSEs and GCE A levels while it is the Joint Council for Qualifications which regulates administration of actual GCSE and A Level examinations .
During the First World War , Manstein served on both the German Empire Western and Eastern Fronts .
A series of indoor and outdoor actions of protest ensued and implied with near-certainty there would be a clash between several thousands of demonstrators and the Soviet government , but Georgian Communist Party chief Eduard Shevardnadze negotiated with the central authorities in Moscow and managed to obtain permission to retain the previous status of the Georgian language .
He also helped John Maynard Keynes negotiate the Anglo-American loan , which was finalised in July 1946 .
Early organization began in the days of the 1936-39 Arab revolt in Palestine , however , it only began gaining momentum after World War II as a result of cooperation between the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem Haj Amin al-Husseini and the Muslim Brotherhood , which is the parent movement of the Islamic Movement in Israel .
The resulting bill , created by Justices Willis Van Devanter , James Clark McReynolds , and George Sutherland , took many trips to Congress by the Chief Justice and his associates .
The G8 , meeting for the first time in 1997 , was formed with the addition of Russia .
He held the view that the British Empire was " " the principal factor in the development of humanity ... It means that the British Empire is primarily responsible for the maintenance of peace in the world " " .
The following year , Hannes Androsch , minister of finance under Chancellor Bruno Kreisky , appointed him economic and financial advisor .
Nixon was later to tell interviewer David Frost in 1977 that Martha was a distraction to John Mitchell , such that no one was minding the store , and " If it hadn 't been for Martha Mitchell , there 'd have been no Watergate .
This latter rule prevented both the British National Party and the Respect Party from winning a seat each as both fell just short of the 5 % threshold .
While stationed in Germany , Rosecrans was appointed second lieutenant in the Marine Corps Reserve on March 10 , 1919 .
Chandrashekhar Singh was a part of the famous Young Turks of Bihar Congress during the independence movement along with Bindeshwari Dubey , Bhagwat Jha Azad , Abdul Gafoor , Satyendra Narayan Sinha , Kedar Pandey all future chief ministers and Sitaram Kesri , future national president of Indian National Congress .
At the outbreak of the war , Ethiopia was under Italian Ethiopia and Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia was in exile in England trying in vain to obtain Allied support for his nation 's cause .
SsČR took part in 2012 Czech regional elections received 1 seat in Liberec Region .
Also in the 2002 election , Sheila Kiscaden of Rochester was turned down for endorsement for re-election to the Minnesota Senate by the Republican Party of Minnesota .
The most closely watched contest was in Toronto , where June Rowlands defeated Jack Layton for the mayoralty.Jim Byers , " Rowlands , Eggleton discuss transition , " " Toronto Star " , 14 November 1991 , A6 .
He lost his seat in Labor 's landslide defeat at the 1931 Australian federal election , but won it back in 1934 .
At the 2015 United Kingdom general election , seven out of eight of the Liberal Democrats ' remaining seats were marginal , with their soon-to-be leader Tim Farron ' s seat of Westmorland and Lonsdale being the only one considered safe .
Metcalfe taught political science and coached track at Xavier University in New Orleans , and served in the transportation corps of U.S. Army in World War II , rising to the rank of first lieutenant and awarded the Legion of Merit medal .
In the United States the Alien Species Prevention and Enforcement Act of 1992 ( P.L. 102-393 ) makes it illegal to ship certain categories of plants and animals through the mail .
The elections will coincide with the 2020 United States presidential election , as well as other elections to the House of Representatives , 2020 United States Senate elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections .
Caro was released in the second round of political prisoner s after 2018 Venezuelan presidential election , all of them directly transferred to hospitals .
After leaving his country 's service , he was appointed the first Rockefeller Brothers Fund Distinguished Fellow .
Incumbent Commissioner Steve Troxler ( Republican ) defeated attorney Ronnie Ansley ( Democratic ) .
The Spartacist uprising ( ) , also known as the January uprising ( " Januaraufstand " ) , was a general strike ( and the armed battles accompanying it ) in Berlin from 5 to 12 January 1919 .
