Christchurch was a parliamentary electorate in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Only then will 2012 Egyptian presidential election be held , " no later than 30 June 2012 " according to Mohamed Hussein Tantawi ' s statement .
In 1278 the Lithuanians again invaded Lublin , and they clashed with Leszek II 's army at the Battle of Łuków .
Fortier was a Progressive Conservative candidate in the Montreal-area riding of Laval West during the 2000 Canadian federal election placing fourth .
He later served as an advisor to the first four presidents of the new Philippine Republic after the country 's independence in 1946 , serving as special adviser of foreign affairs to Manuel Roxas .
Tang was educated at the Chinese University of Hong Kong and received a Bachelor 's degree in Social Science in 1987 .
The Pilgrims or Pilgrim Fathers were the English settlers who established the Plymouth Colony in Plymouth , Massachusetts .
Carolina Cotton was later purchased by Marshall Field .
The OL established influence within some of the established civil rights organizations , including the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and the Southern Conference Educational Fund , which had been under the influence of the Moscow-oriented Communist Party USA .
On 26 July 2013 , Network Ten announced a new drama project from Endemol Australia named " Party Tricks " , a six-part drama series by the producers of " Offspring " , " Puberty Blues " , " The Secret Life of Us " and " Tangle " ; John Edwards and Imogen Banks .
One such politician murdered by the Klan on the eve of the 1868 presidential election was Republican Congressman James M. Hinds of Arkansas .
In 1994 , the building was renamed to honor John Minor Wisdom , a respected judge who served on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals from 1957 until his death in 1999 .
According to the WikiLeaks cables , the United States and NATO diplomats also expressed concerns over Akhalaia 's appointment as Minister of Defense " noting his poor human rights record " during his service as the chief of penitentiary service .
Major General Custer became Chief of Cavalry of the Department of Texas , from November 13 to February 1 , 1866 , succeeding Major General Wesley Merritt .
Incumbent James T. Walsh ( R ) , ran unopposed in 2004 and while the Syracuse -based district hasn 't had a Democrat represent it since 1971 , John Kerry won the district in 2004 by 2.5 % .
In 1901 , he was appointed by Wilfrid Laurier to the Senate of Canada where he served until his death on Christmas Day in 1916 .
Under Mithridates II , the Parthian Empire at its zenith extended from Syria and the Caucasus to Central Asia and India .
Abroad , Bettino Craxi has received praise especially by Mário Soares , Ricardo Lagos , Felipe González , Lech Walesa , Ronald Reagan , Sergio Romano ( Italian Ambassador in the USA ) , Renato Ruggiero ( Socialist diplomat and former Director of the World Trade Organization ) and Boris Biancheri ( writer and diplomat ) .
The Liberal Party were split between the " National Liberals " following David Lloyd George , who had been ousted as Prime Minister the previous month , and the " Liberals " following former Prime Minister H. H. Asquith .
The nobles deserted Imad-ul-Mulk 's cause , and prince Bahadur Khan , returning to Gujarat , was joined by many supporters such as Taj Khan , the proprietor of Dhandhuka .
The party moved in Lok Sabha to demand his disqualification but the move was aborted post his rapprochement with Nitish Kumar in 2013 .
During the presidency of James K. Polk , Rush served as the minister to France .
Roger Gavoury , head of the French police in Algiers , was assassinated at the direction of Roger Degueldre , leader of the OAS Commando Delta , with the actual killing done by Claude Piegts and Albert Dovecar on 31 May 1961 ( Piegts and Dovecar were executed by a firing-squad on 7 June 1962 .
The Government of Ethiopia is structured in a framework of a federal parliamentary republic , whereby the Prime Minister is the head of government .
According to V. Bondarenko , it was Alexander Prokhanov who wrote the text of the publication .
It was attended by the Queen , the Prince of Orange , Princess Máxima , Princess Margriet and Pieter van Vollenhoven as well as 1,200 guests .
Their frank exchange of views at Bandar Abbas was a major element of pre-war policy in the near east .
This remix was performed at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards , along with Brendon Urie ( of Panic ! at the Disco ) .
On 9 November 1987 , after six years of conspiratorial activity in the underground , he was caught and arrested by the Służba Bezpieczeństwa ( Secret Police ) in Wrocław and was immediately transported by helicopter to Warsaw , and imprisoned in Rakowiecka Prison .
Incumbent President Joseph Urusemal , was defeated for re-election by challenger Manny Mori at the opening session of the newly elected 15th Congress of Micronesia .
Muhammad sent his first envoy Abu Al-Ala 'a Al-Hadrami to Munzir ibn Sawa Al Tamimi , the ruler of Bahrain , which in those days , extended the coast from Kuwait to the north of Oman including al-Hasa and Bahrain Islands , in the year 628 AD , inviting him and the Abdul Qays tribe to Islam .
Only Straw , Brown and Alistair Darling served in the cabinet continuously during Labour 's 13-year government from 1997 to 2010 .
About 500 people were protesting in Debrecen , 500 in Szeged , 400 in Szécsény , 100-200 in Békéscsaba , 100-120 in Salgótarján , 50 in Nyíregyháza and smaller groups in several other towns .
Other cities like Pune , Buldana and Osmanabad also have centres .
This effort started with a meeting at METU that included Halet Cambel , head of the prehistory department at Istanbul University .
With the end of World War II , the United States fulfilled the commitment made by the 1934 Tydings-McDuffie Act and granted independence to the Philippines .
Barzani quickly asserted control over the KDP , ousting the General-Secretary Ibrahim Ahmad and replacing him with the pro-Communist Hamza Abdullah in January 1959 and cementing ties with the ICP .
Schaus was recognised as the foremost liberal politician in 1947 by his inclusion in the Christian Social People 's Party -Democratic Group coalition under Pierre Dupong , adding the position of Minister for Justice to that for the Interior .
The Anti-Fascist Council of National Liberation of Yugoslavia ( AVNOJ ) convened in Bihać on 26-27 November 1942 and in Jajce on 29 November 1943 .
Wimsatt co-founded Rebuild the Dream ( along with Natalie Foster and Van Jones ) , and served as its Partnerships and Political Director .
In this Padayatra , Y. S. Jaganmohan Reddy launched an attack on the failed promises and corruption of the ruling Telugu Desam Party .
Her father , Isaiah T. Montgomery ( 1847-1924 ) , was a cotton producer politically allied with the famous Republican educator Booker T. Washington .
This character resembles Craig Murray , the British ambassador who exposed British and American complicity in torture and human rights abuses in Uzbekistan .
Hau Lung-pin of the opposition party Kuomintang was elected Mayor of Taipei City , defeating the main opponent , Frank Hsieh of the governing Democratic Progressive Party .
Addicks was born November 21 , 1841 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to John E. C. O 'Sullivan and Margretta McLeod ( Turner ) Addicks .
Baker was appointed as a Democrat to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of John McLean and served from November 12 , 1830 to December 11 , 1830 , when a successor was elected and qualified .
These gains were made at the cost of the Christian Democratic Appeal , Democrats 66 and the PvdA , which lost one , two and two seats respectively .
A Democrat , Pierce held the position for one term from 1996 to 2000 , when he was unseated by the Republican candidate , Melvin Rambin .
He received his doctor 's degree from Hunan University in 1987 .
The Soviet Union was then under the rule of Joseph Stalin , who led the one-party state governed by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union .
" The song also refers to Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini ' s proclamation that the United States was the " Great Satan " and Jesse Jackson ' s 1988 campaign slogan , " Keep hope alive .
Ford was born in Etobicoke , Ontario , Canada , the second of four children of Doug Ford Sr. and Ruth Diane ( née Campbell ) Ford .
He had a particularly good relationship with Gordon Coates , who became Prime Minister in 1925 and later Princess Te Puea of Waikato .
Similarly , Barack Obama ' s narrow victory in Indiana in the 2008 United States presidential election inaccurately portrays its status as a battleground .
The one-party state of the Nazis would be replaced by some for of multi-party democracy not totally dissimilar from the pre-Nazi system that Adolf Hitler , at a party conference back in 1929 in had disparagingly dismissed as the " Weimar Republic .
Following a February 2018 school shooting in Florida , Hoffman publicized an email sent to Florida governor Rick Scott and former governor Jeb Bush , among others , pledging to no longer fund legislative groups or candidates who were not actively working to ban sales of military-style assault weapons to civilians .
He was a post-doctoral fellow at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America .
Abzug appeared in Shirley MacLaine ' s autobiographical book " Out on a Limb " ( 1983 ) .
He studied graphic arts at the Technological Educational Institute of Athens from 1976 to 1977 before attaining a degree in dentistry from the University of Athens in 1984 , where he later went on to pursue postgraduate studies in history of art from 1998 to 2002 .
The Liberals had lost all of its seats in the province in the 1997 Canadian federal election .
The front page of the 28 June 2004 " Financial Times " carried a report from their national security correspondent , Mark Huband , describing that between 1999 and 2001 , three unnamed European intelligence services were aware that Niger was possibly engaged in illicit negotiations over the export of its uranium ore with North Korea , Libya , Iraq , Iran , and China .
Osman Pamukoğlu ( born December 27 , 1947 ) is a retired major general of the Turkish Army , author and politician who founded the Rights and Equality Party on September 4 , 2008 in remembrance of the Congress of Sivas .
The Legion was also to leave a strong impact on the Tuareg living in Mali and Niger .
Ironically , despite losing 10 seats and 150,000 votes respect to the 1999 Catalan regional election , Maragall became the first center-left President of Catalonia , ending with 23 years of Convergence and Union government .
Williams ' self-published history book " From Ur to Us , Everything you Need to Know about History " attracted strong criticism for a number of claims such as Winston Churchill admiring Adolf Hitler and the German invasion of Poland being provoked by Polish aggression .
The Swedish Social Democratic Party ( S ; " Socialdemokraterna " ) was the largest political party in the Swedish Riksdag , with 113 of the 349 seats .
A British music agent , saying he was acting on behalf of Emin Agalarov and the Russian government , had told Trump Jr. that he could obtain damaging information on Hillary Clinton if he met with a lawyer connected to the Kremlin .
The criticism claims China intentionally extending excessive credit to another debtor country with the alleged intention of extracting economic or political concessions from the debtor country when it becomes unable to honor its debt obligations ( often asset-based lending , with assets including infrastructure ) .
The Statute of Westminster ( 1931 ) gave Canada legislative independence from the United Kingdom .
In Budapest , she met her husband .
He received the Wollaston Medal of the Geological Society of London in 1896 and he won the Copley Medal of the Royal Society in 1903 .
Elena was sister to Nikolai Krylenko , a significant Bolshevik who later became the Soviet Commissar of Justice .
The leaders of this coalition were chiefs of respective parties , with Mikuláš Dzurinda as its speaker .
He does not speak Arabic and has only a limited knowledge of the area in Libya in which the patrol is to operate .
He was appointed Deputy Minister for Justice after the 2003 Scottish Parliament election , and became Minister for Education in 2006 .
Ricardo Moreno Bastida ( born 2 June 1969 ) is a Mexican politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution .
He left HDZ three years after the Karađorđevo meeting , and after the whole Croat-Bosniak War was finished with the Washington Agreement , when Croats and Bosniaks established the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The most important issue to farmers in western Canada at the time was free trade with the United States .
The Socialist Revolutionary Party and Mensheviks supported punitive measures against the insurgents .
Since the 18th century , the manuscript was kept in Vienna ( Wien in German ) , its earlier place is unknown .
Among the original honorary members were The Baroness Clementine Spencer-Churchill ; Randolph S. Churchill ; The Rt. Hon. The Lord Stockton ( Harold Macmillan ) ; The Hon. W. Averell Harriman ; Sir John Colville ; The Rt. Hon. The Lord Soames ( Christopher Soames ) and Sir Winston 's last private secretary , Anthony Montague Browne , now all deceased .
He was a candidate for the Libertarian Party ' s presidential nomination in the 1984 United States presidential election , Doherty , Brian ! -- | accessdate = 2010-11-23 --
On 3 March , Germany and Russia ( Syria 's Cold War ally ) joined those calling for Syria to comply with Resolution 1559 .
Tabacci participated in the 2012 Italian centre-left primary election , where he obtained only 1.4 % of the vote .
In 1961 , after John F. Kennedy ' s inauguration , Louis and others are attacked by members of the Ku Klux Klan while on a freedom ride to Birmingham , Alabama .
In the 2011 Northern Ireland Assembly election the Workers ' Party ran in four constituencies , securing 586 first-preference votes ( 1.7 % ) in Belfast West and 332 ( 1 % ) in Belfast North .
Following the 2005 United Kingdom general election he became a member of Howard 's Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Leader of the House of Commons ; and after the election of David Cameron as the leader of the Conservative Party in December 2005 he served as the Shadow Secretary of State for Transport .
Horace Grant Underwood and his wife , William B. Scranton , his wife , and his mother , Mary Scranton , made Korea their new home in May 1885 .
In December 2006 , Boutin announced that she would not be a candidate for the 2007 French presidential election and pledged her support for the Conservative candidate Nicolas Sarkozy .
The 2015 Exeter City Council election took place on 7 May 2015 , to elect members of Exeter City Council in Exeter , Devon , England .
The line-up included some of Germany 's most popular music acts of the time such as BAP , Die Toten Hosen , Udo Lindenberg , Rio Reiser , Herbert Grönemeyer .
In particular , it sought to defend SDI " from attack by the Union of Concerned Scientists , and in particular by the equally prominent physicists Hans Bethe , Richard Garwin , and astronomer Carl Sagan .
Bitmark is a Taiwan based property rights company that uses blockchain technology to give individuals control over their data and other digital assets .
She was reelected in 2013 Australian federal election with an increased majority .
Letizia Moratti was supported by a big center-right coalition , composed by People of Freedom , Lega Nord and some 9 civic lists .
With 62.64 % of the popular vote , Wyoming would prove to be Reagan 's fifth strongest state in the 1980 election after 1980 United States presidential election in Utah , 1980 United States presidential election in Idaho , 1980 United States presidential election in Nebraska and 1980 United States presidential election in North Dakota .
He returned to Norway in 1929 , and served as Minister of Defence in the governments of Peder Kolstad ( 1931-32 ) and Jens Hundseid ( 1932-33 ) , representing the Farmers ' Party .
Throughout the 1930s , Stephen Samuel Wise was vocal in his warnings about the dangers of Nazism .
The early settlers in the Dutch colony of New Netherland first held informal meetings for worship .
In recent years , Denver increased its help for homeless people , largely through the initiative of mayors John Hickenlooper and Wellington Webb .
For the 2006 Israel legislative election , Agudat Yisrael and Degel HaTorah once again put their differences aside , and have officially revived their United Torah Judaism alliance in order to win the maximum number of seats in the 17th Knesset .
Undeterred , the Kuomintang attempted to set up a second encirclement by ordering the 3rd Division stationed at Zaoyang , the 41st Division , and the 15th Division to Cangtai ( 苍苔 ) region along with air support , hoping to eliminate the communist forces in a second trap .
Academic Matthew Goodwin stated that despite the low attendance , the links and networking from the event would be significant .
At the time , Congress 's leader Jawaharlal Nehru held positions that were widely admired by the rank and file of the CSP .
Seszták was one of the two KDNP members ( albeit also Fidesz politician ) of the government , along with Deputy Prime Minister and party leader Zsolt Semjén during the inauguration .
Rivera was formerly professor of political science at the University of the Philippines Diliman , where he served as Chair of the Department of Political Science from 1993-1998 .
Ochs performed at many political events during the 1960s counterculture era , including anti-Vietnam War and civil rights rallies , student events , and organized labor events over the course of his career , in addition to many concert appearances at such venues as New York City 's Town Hall and Carnegie Hall .
Denish and Colón lost to Susana Martinez and John Sanchez , respectively , each by approximately seven percent of the total vote .
The metropolitan boroughs of the City of Salford and the City of Manchester border Trafford to the north and east respectively ; the Cheshire East area of Cheshire lies to the south .
The Cadet Corps of the Ministry of Defense of Kazakhstan named after Shoqan Walikhanov ( Russian : Кадетский корпус Министерства обороны Республики Казахстан имени Чокана Валиханова ) is an institution of the ministry that was formed on 1 July 1996 as a secondary school that prepared Kazakh youth for service in the military and for leadership as junior army , navy , and air force commanders .
On July 25 , 2011 , New Yorkers for Constitutional Freedoms , along with Liberty Counsel , filed a lawsuit in the New York Supreme Court for Livingston County against the New York Senate and other state offices seeking an injunction against the Act .
Since 2014 , he has been the State Minister of Economy , Science and the Digital Society in the government of Thuringia ' s Minister-President Bodo Ramelow .
In August 1940 , he became a Norwegian citizen , receiving his passport from the Norwegian legation in Stockholm , where he lived until the end of the war .
In this number , dense of quotes of Karl Marx , Vladimir Lenin , Joseph Stalin and Mao Zedong , the Organization wrote :
Acheson then applied for official selection for the New Zealand National Party for the Rotorua electorate for the 1943 New Zealand general election , but narrowly missed out .
H.R. 116 repeals DOMA allowing marriage recognition for gay and lesbian couples in the US , the District of Columbia , and Territories of the United States .
Gilberto Concepcion de Gracia founded the Puerto Rican Independence Party or PIP , the most influential organization participating in the electoral process .
Two more lower house seats , Grey and Barker were possible , as was a third senate seat for Skye Kakoschke-Moore .
The Premier of Western Australia is the head of the executive branch of government in the Australia n state of Western Australia .
Chronologically , DZH was fourth party of Croats from Serbia and third that emerged from dissatisfied fractions of the Democratic Alliance of Croats in Vojvodina .
In 2003 Teather was selected as the party 's candidate in the Brent East by-election , which was called after the death of the Labour MP Paul Daisley .
The final day of the hearing saw interventions from other interested parties : former solicitor general Edward Garnier , who responded for former prime minister John Major , argued prorogation was " motivated by a desire to prevent Parliament interfering with the prime minister 's policies during that period " ; the Scottish Government , who were represented by its Lord Advocate , James Wolffe , argued prorogation had a " profoundly intrusive effect " on Parliament ; McCord 's advocate Ronan Lavery
As part of the handover process , around 300 Accenture personnel transferred under a TUPE process to CSC , and CSC took over the leases for some of Accenture 's premises in Leeds .
Arctic Council , Australia Group , Bank for International Settlements , Council of the Baltic Sea States , Council of Europe , EAPC , EBRD , ECE , European Free Trade Association , FAO , IAEA , International Bank for Reconstruction and Development , ICAO , International Criminal Court , International Chamber of Commerce , International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement , International Development Association , International Energy Agency ( observer ) , International Finance Corporation , International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement , International Hydrographic Organization , ILO , International Monetary Fund , IMO , Inmarsat , Intelsat , Interpol , IOC , International Organization for Standardization , ITU , ITUC , NATO , Nordic Council , Nuclear Energy Agency , Nordic Investment Bank , OECD , OPCW , Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , PCA , United Nations , UNCTAD , UNESCO , UNMIK , United Nations University , UPU , World Customs Organization , Western European Union ( associate ) , WHO , WIPO , WMO , World Trade Organization
In 2002 Sonny Perdue was elected as the first Republican governor of Georgia since Reconstruction .
Shastri led Delhi Dialogue along with Ashish Khetan , Meera Sanyal , Preeti Sharma Menon .
However , since elections were drawing near , anyone who occupied the post would be disqualified from running for office , so the vice-president , Jose Alencar , and the speaker of the house , Aldo Rebelo , the next in succession and who were considering running , also left Brazil .
Green candidate Jill Stein and Libertarian Gary Johnson received over a million votes each nationwide .
He was duly elected for Hillsborough in 1922 United Kingdom general election , one of only four Co-op MPs .
In the autumn of 1878 , at the age of 20 , Goulden met and began a relationship with Richard Pankhurst , a barrister who had advocated women 's suffrage - and other causes , including freedom of speech and education reform - for years .
The High Court of Delhi was established with four judges .
In the late 16th century , Toyotomi Hideyoshi reconstructed the city by building new streets to double the number of north-south streets in central Kyoto , creating rectangle blocks superseding ancient square blocks .
Texas and New York do not have treasurers , but do have state comptrollers who perform similar functions and are part of the National Association of State Treasurers .
Those Republicans were Sen. Chuck Hagel ( R-Neb .
On the outbreak of World War I in August 1914 Gwynn strongly supported Redmond 's encouragement of Irish nationalists and the Irish National Volunteers to support the Allies of World War I and British war effort by enlisting in Irish regiment s of the Irish Divisions , especially as a means to ensure the implementation of the suspended Home Rule Act at the end of an expectedly short war .
Hans William Bentinck , 1st Earl of Portland , Baron Bentinck of Diepenheim and Schoonheten , ( 20 July 1649 , in Diepenheim , Overijssel - 23 November 1709 , in Bulstrode Park , Buckinghamshire ) was a Dutch Republic and English nobleman who became in an early stage the favourite of William , Prince of Orange , Stadtholder in the Dutch Republic , and future King of England .
The party 's weakness ahead of the 2007 Argentine general election prompted the UCR to endorse a stronger candidate akin to their views , which combine social democratic policies with a longtime anti- Peronism .
It was introduced in 1965 after the Maldivian independence under president Ibrahim Nasir , the second president of Maldives .
During World War I , Newfoundland mustered its own Regiment , and sent it to both Gallipoli , Turkey and the Western Front , France .
It was also Carlberg who once invited Sylvia Pankhurst as a speaker .
The Senegalese ladyfish ( " Elops senegalensis " ) is a species of fish in the family Elopidae , and is native to the coastal waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Mauritania to the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Andreas Papandreou escaped to the roof of his house , but surrendered after one of the soldiers held a gun to the head of his then-fourteen-year-old son George Papandreou .
The party 's leader was Nichi Vendola , a former President of Apulia .
The Pakistan administered state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir was officially established on 24 October 1947 .
In her early 20s , however , she returned to India to help her ailing mother at her mission bungalow in Tindivanam .
His mother encouraged him to not let his disability to hinder him , he frequently went to Monrovia for formal swimming lessons at the Ducor Hotel where he met his former wife .
She collaborated with UN agencies including the Political Affairs , United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( UNOCHA ) , United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific ( UNESCAP ) as well as the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) .
In the days after anti-government forces had overtaken their Regional State Administration ( RSA ) , the regional councils of Ternopil and Ivano-Frankivsk , Chernivtsi , and Poltava Oblast all decided to ban the activities and symbols of the Communist Party of Ukraine and Party of Regions in their oblasts .
The two became lovers , and Keays ' public revelation of her pregnancy and of their twelve-year-long affair led to his resignation as Secretary of State for Trade and Industry in the government of Margaret Thatcher .
In 1965 , Jeremy Thorpe , a Liberal Member of Parliament , must contend with disgruntled ex-lover Norman Josiffe , whom he met in 1961 and had a relationship with for several years .
In particular , the governments of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda were asked to co-operate with the investigation into the Gatumba massacre , while the Council was " troubled " that the National Forces of Liberation had claimed responsibility for the massacre .
He is the younger brother of former Newfoundland premier Brian Peckford .
He further studied at the University of Paris .
From 1916 , he was also the Deputy Director of Ordnance Services in Thessaloniki .
The Libertarian Movement Party ( ; PML ) is a political party based on libertarian conservatism in Costa Rica .
He earned a bilingual law degree from University of Fribourg and a master 's degree at the University of Leicester .
He had expressed support for Donald Trump during the presidential election and the first months of his term , but disavowed him in April 2017 after Donald Trump ordered missile strikes on the Syrian government .
The current mayor is former District 5 Supervisor and President of the Board of Supervisors London Breed , who won a special election following the death of Mayor Ed Lee on December 12 , 2017 .
New York was won by local Republican Governor Thomas E. Dewey , who was running against incumbent Democratic President Harry S. Truman .
In July 1941 , in the wake of the German occupation of the western parts of the Soviet Union , he was appointed Generalkommissar for Weissruthenien ( now known as Belarus ) , with his headquarters in Minsk .
He returned to the Hungarian politics by the 2019 local elections , becoming , alongside Zoltán Gál J. , one of the two campaign managers of fellow Dialogue politician Gergely Karácsony , who was elected Mayor of Budapest .
Dodd was born in Norwich , New London County , to Abigail Margaret ( née O 'Sullivan ) and Thomas Joseph Dodd , a building contractor ; all four of his grandparents were immigrants from Ireland .
In the past she was an activist in the Israeli political party Meretz , and since 2012 she has been one of the leaders in the movement against illegal immigration from Africa to Israel , and the concentration of these migrants in the old neighborhoods of south Tel Aviv .
Dunedin and Suburbs South was a parliamentary electorate in the city of Dunedin in Otago , New Zealand from 1862 to 1866 .
" Before the debate , Brown President Christina Paxson sent out a campus-wide e-mail saying she disagreed with McElroy 's views .
While many women contributed in the Mexican Revolution 1910-1920 by fighting alongside their husbands , others wrote against the injustices of the Porfirio Díaz regime .
Tekuder reversed Abaqa 's pro-Christian policies and proposed an alliance with the Mamluk Sultan Qalawun , who resumed attacks on Frankish territory , capturing the northern fortress of Margat in 1285 , Lattakia in 1287 , and Tripoli in 1289.Tyerman , p .
Obama also stated the advice his wife Michelle Obama had given him for the night 's address : " Don 't screw it up .
Several groups specifically concerned with nuclear issues were established in the mid-1970s , including the Movement Against Uranium Mining and Campaign Against Nuclear Energy ( CANE ) , cooperating with other environmental groups such as Friends of the Earth Australia and the Australian Conservation Foundation .
The visit to the Yasukuni Shrine by TSU chairman Shu Chin-chiang in April 2005 generated a controversy across the political spectrum and further made their party goals more ambiguous to the voters .
In the summer of 1915 , the Ottoman Empire persuaded the Grand Senussi Ahmed Sharif to attack British-occupied Sultanate of Egypt from the west , raise jihad and encourage an insurrection in support of an Ottoman offensive against the Suez Canal from the east .
Prior to its uniform adoption of proportional representation in 1999 , the United Kingdom used first-past-the-post for the European elections in England , Scotland and Wales .
The Assembly of Ceuta was the top-tier administrative and governing body of the autonomous city of Ceuta .
Within the European Parliament , a number of leftist parties from Northern Europe have organised themselves into the Nordic Green Left Alliance .
He was to be the commissioner of the queen of the still to be formed town province of Amsterdam .
The NDP vote fell to its lowest level since 1938 , and the party lost 35 of its 44 seats in the legislature - the second-worst defeat of a sitting government in the province 's history , behind only the Saskatchewan Liberal Party ' s 38-seat loss in 1944 Saskatchewan general election .
His family immigrated to Turkey when he was 2 years old .
Tsafendas was born in Lourenço Marques ( today 's Maputo ) to Michalis Tsafandakis ( Μιχαήλ Τσαφαντάκης , also spelled Miguel Tsafandakis ) , a Greek marine engineer from Kitharida , a small village near Heraklion , Crete , and Amelia Williams , a Mozambican woman of mixed race .
After the UK EU membership referendum held on 23 June 2016 , in which a majority voted to leave the European Union , the United Kingdom experienced political and economic upsets , with spillover effects across the rest of the European Union and the wider world .
The borough shares its boundaries with Birmingham to the west and north , Coventry to the east , Warwickshire to both the north and south and Worcestershire to the south west .
Vladimir Lenin had his study and private apartment on the third floor in 1918-1922 .
The end of the Second World War had brought an end to the Brooke Dynasty rule in Raj of Sarawak .
An earlier refusal to adopt this policy had split the party , with leader Harry Midgley forming his own strongly Unionist Commonwealth Labour Party .
Kaye 's edition , a " model of what a fully annotated edition ought to be " was reprinted in 1988 by the American Liberty Fund .
France now took a leadership position in unifying western Europe , working closely with Konrad Adenauer of West Germany .
Clark 's minority government made a point to not have the federal government be involved in the referendum , leaving the task of representing federalist voices to Claude Ryan , the new leader of the Quebec Liberal Party .
John David Melcher ( September 6 , 1924 - April 12 , 2018 ) was an United States politician of the Democratic Party who represented Montana as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1969 to 1977 and as a United States Senator from 1977 until 1989 .
However , the electoral system meant that the party only won two seats - one delivered by Jim Anderton , and the other by Sandra Lee-Vercoe in Auckland .
Born in Nottoway Parish , Amelia ( now Nottoway ) County , Virginia , Jones graduated from Hampden-Sydney College in 1791 , and the Thomas Jefferson University , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Davis was arrested in March 2008 during a string of arrests surrounding then- Governor of New York Eliot Spitzer .
It has published writing by Takako Doi , former leader of the Japan Socialist Party , in September 2005 , and by Tetsuzo Fuwa , the chairman of the secretariat of the JCP , when the Soviet Union collapsed .
Boediono replaced Jusuf Kalla who was vice-president in the first Yudhoyono cabinet .
Benjamin Woodworth ( December 29 , 1782 - January 16 , 1874 ) , also known as " Uncle Ben , " was a Captain in the War of 1812 , hotelier , a pioneer of the city of Detroit , and member of the Woodworth political family .
Spanish Agrarian Party ( in Spanish : " Partido Agrario Español " ) was a political party in Spain during the Second Spanish Republic .
The names of a few , like the nome of Bubastis , appeared no earlier than the New Kingdom of Egypt .
On 10 February 2017 , PSA announced a 50 : 50 joint venture with the C. K. Birla Group the owner of the Hindustan Motors to sell Peugeot , Citröen , and DS vehicles in India and purchase of the Ambassador brand from Hindustan Motors at the cost of INR 80 Crore .
As a candidate for a second term in 2019 Ukrainian presidential election , he obtained only 24.5 % in the second round , being defeated by Volodymyr Zelensky .
Senate and House Democrats , such as Senator Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island , have re-introduced variants of the DISCLOSE Act to each succeeding Congress since 2010 .
Later , when the CIA Bin Laden station learned that Bin Laden 's associates Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Mihdhar were headed to the US with visas , Rossini and his colleague Doug Miller attempted to alert O 'Neill , but Blee blocked the message .
In 1969 he co-founded the Eniaion a party aligned to and supportive of Makarios III .
The resulting Election Committee is then responsible for electing the Chief Executive of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ( SAR ) in the 2012 Hong Kong Chief Executive election .
She was educated in South Africa and attended the University of Natal , where she was awarded a B.A. degree , and took a postgraduate degree in education at the University of Birmingham in the UK .
" If the Afghan war then becomes the consuming issue of Obama 's presidency - as Iraq became for his predecessor , as Vietnam did for Lyndon Johnson , and as Korea did for Harry Truman - the inevitable effect will be to compromise the prospects of reform more broadly , " Bacevich wrote .
The party was established by Katsutarō Kita in August 1946 when he was expelled from the Cooperative Democratic Party due to his refusal to compromise on the cooperative aspect of party policy during merger talks with Shinseikai .
His replacement , Paul von Hindenburg , introduced the Hindenburg Programme by which the guidelines of German policy were " de facto " set by the Supreme Army Command ( ) , not the emperor and the chancellor .
Though a Whig , he accepted ( 29 April 1827 ) the post of Chief Secretary for Ireland in the moderate Tory governments of George Canning and Lord Goderich .
Pillaiyan was reportedly also targeted but escaped to Trincomalee with about 200 supporters although he has since been reconciled to Karuna .
He held this seat until 1899 and from 1902 New Zealand general election to 1905 .
In 2001 she was temporarily the leader of the Sofia branch of the UDF .
This process which Rosenthal has led with other officials close to President Zelaya has been under constant criticism from the private sector in Honduras , as well as from the government of the United States .
" There is some evidence that Republican presidential candidate Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1952 considered asking Lausche to become his running mate and is said to have been considered in the Republican 1956 campaign by Leonard W. Hall in a presidential meeting .
Sgt. Mooney wants to send out a rescue party , and persuades his platoon leader Lt. Crane ( Richard Grayson ) to take the request to Capt. Trelawny ( Barney Phillips ) , their company commander .
Most famously , the Treaty of Versailles itself weakened the German military and placed full blame for the war and costly reparations on Germany 's shoulders , and the later humiliation and resentment in Germany is often sometimes considered by historians to be one of the direct causes of Nazi Party ' s electoral successes and one of the indirect causes of World War II .
Robert Mugabe announced Zimbabwe ' s immediate withdrawal from the Commonwealth at the 2003 CHOGM , and Nigeria ' s execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight others on the first day of the 1995 CHOGM led to that country 's suspension .
The future TD s Mary Lou McDonald ( currently , 2019 , President of Sinn Féin ) and Finian McGrath ( currently , 2019. a Government junior Minister ) both served as Leas-Chathaoirleach ( Vice-Chair ) in the organisation in the mid-90s .
Sproul was a candidate for the Republican presidential nomination in 1920 United States presidential election .
PBS ombudsman Michael Getler twice wrote about letters he received complaining of bias in Ifill 's news coverage .
Beginning with just four members , it grew over the years , with Singapore members increasingly dominating the council to the displeasure of politicians from Malacca and Penang .
Christie won the 2009 Republican primary for Governor of New Jersey and defeated Democratic incumbent Jon Corzine in the 2009 New Jersey gubernatorial election .
Some pro-Beijing legal professionals who ran as independents , such as Priscilla Leung , Paul Tse and Junius Ho were elected to the Legislative Council in recent elections , which were seen receiving support from the Liaison Office , which was viewed growing influence in Hong Kong 's domestic affairs .
Since the formation of the French Fifth Republic in 1958 , France has had a semi-presidential system .
From January 1 , 1806 , the territorial gains as a result of the German mediatization enlarged the electorate of Württemberg and it became a Kingdom of Württemberg .
title = Socialist Party USA Presidential candidate |
In such circumstance , recognizing that these challenges and opportunities require global discussion on the highest level , the International Telecommunication Union ( ITU ) , following a proposal by the government of Tunisia during ITU Plenipotentiary Conference in Minneapolis in 1998 , approved Resolution 73 to hold a World Summit on the Information Society and put forward it to the United Nations .
In other places , such as Norway , the state mandated that a vendor pay for recycled bottles , but left the system in the hands of private industry .
Jefferson had already decided on the returning explorer and fellow Virginian Meriwether Lewis as governor of the huge new Louisiana Territory , which approximately equaled the size of the existing United States .
The 1940 United States presidential election in Florida was held on November 5 , 1940 , as part of 1940 United States presidential election .
In contrast , the Soviet Union announced their intention to repurpose facilities of the 1980 Summer Olympics for public housing .
It occurred concurrently with 2018 United States Senate election in Wisconsin in the state , 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in Wisconsin to the state 's U.S. House seats , and various other elections .
Yu Jin himself surrendered to Guan Yu while his subordinate Pang De refused and was executed .
The three thrusts converged on the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa , which fell early in May 1941 .
There are currently 14 nations that have banned the burqa , including Austria , France , Belgium , Denmark , Germany , Netherlands , The Telegraph .
Donald W. Molloy in the 1976 general election , defeating long-time Associate Justice Wesley Castles with a vote of 199,536 ( 67.5 % ) to 95,947 ( 32.5 % ) , taking office in January 1977 .
Her brother , Seth Klein , is director of the British Columbia n office of the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives .
The Ministry comes under the Government of India and is responsible for India 's representation in the United Nations .
Chen was born and raised in Nanjing , Jiangsu province .
Xiao Yi subsequently declared himself emperor ( as Emperor Yuan ) , but set up his capital at Jiangling ( 江陵 , in modern Jingzhou , Hubei ) rather than returning to Jiankang , which he put under the command of Wang .
There were five presidential candidates ; Carlos Sosa Coello ( Innovation and Unity Party ) , Porfirio Pepe Lobo ( National Party ) , Manuel Zelaya ( Liberal Party ) , Juan Almendares ( Democratic Unification Party ) and Juan Ramón Martínez ( Christian Democratic Party of Honduras ) .
In 1989 , Hawley became the fourth museum director of Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston , Massachusetts .
The budget act , a part of the massive Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 , established the " pay-as-you-go " process for discretionary spending and taxes , and was signed into law by President George H. W. Bush on November 5 , 1990 , contrary to his 1988 United States presidential election campaign promise not to raise taxes .
The party held a 2017 New Democratic Party leadership election on October 1 , 2017 , electing Ontario MPP and the former Deputy Leader of the Ontario New Democratic Party Jagmeet Singh as Mulcair 's successor .
On January 24 , 2011 , Toronto Police Constable Michael Sanguinetti and another officer from 31 Division spoke on crime prevention , addressing the issue of campus rape at a York University safety forum at Osgoode Hall Law School .
In 1857 , he became a member of the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts and in 1863 a professor at the academy .
For the remainder of World War II and the Nazi-aligned Ion Antonescu dictatorship , Topa led efforts to reestablish the PND.Radu ( 2006 ) , p .
In the 2012 Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly election , Uttarakhand Kranti Dal contested as Uttarakhand Kranti Dal ( P ) led by then party president Trivendra Singh Panwar .
The National Grid for Learning ( NGfL ) was a United Kingdom Government-funded gateway to educational resources on the Internet .
Bishop Francis Asbury had ordained him earlier in 1799 .
When the war ended on 28 February 1991 , Sheikh Jaber remained in Saudi Arabia while declaring three months of martial law , causing the accusation that he was trying to monopolize too much power for the small constitutional monarchy.Brahmani , Yourself M. " After the War : Kuwait City ; Nagging Question Lies Beneath Kuwait 's Rejoicing : When Is the Emir Coming Home ? , " " The New York Times " , 4 March 1997 .
Her biographical subjects included Mary Shelley ( 1938 ) , Claire Clairmont ( 1939 ) , Edward John Trelawny ( 1950 ) , William Godwin ( 1953 ) , Dante Gabriel Rossetti ( 1965 ) , Ivy Compton-Burnett ( 1971 ) and Elizabeth Barrett Browning ( 1980 ) .
Since then it had been part of the 2006-2008 governing coalition along with the Party of Socialists and Democrats and Popular Alliance until tensions between its grouping , United Left , and the latter caused the coalition to disintegrate .
Geoffrey of Monmouth presents this legend to explain the Welsh name for Brittany , Llydaw , as originating from " lled-taw " or " half-silent .
The Anjuman-i-Watan allied itself with the Indian National Congress and also worked with the Anjuman-e-Ittehad-e-Balochan-wa-Balochistan , as well as its successor , the Kalat State National Party .
The NCPN supports the socialist government of Cuba , the socialist developments in Venezuela under Hugo Chavez and Bolivia under Evo Morales .
But as the party governed , the party had the internal factions splits with three main ideological groups : the Bhuttoism , Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians , Sherpaoism , with Bhuttoism becoming the most influential and powerful in Sindh .
George Washington twice established his winter headquarters in Morristown and revolutionary troops were active regularly in the entire area .
At the 2008 Italian general election the party elected four deputies ( including Alessandri and Gianluca Pini , leader of Lega Nord Romagna ) and two senators ( including Angela Maraventano , leader of " Extreme South " and Deputy-Mayor of Lampedusa ) .
Sri Lankan judiciary was considered non-independent by some analysts during the time of President Mahinda Rajapaksa .
In December 1997 , he was appointed as Ministry of Water , Forestry and Environmental Protection in the cabinet of Victor Ciorbea .
Cao Bao 's death caused unrest in the city , and the locals opened the city gate for Lü Bu , who then seized control of the city , capturing the families of Liu Bei and Mi Fang during the process .
Platzeck was born in Potsdam as the son of a physician and a medical-technical assistant .
She was added to the party faction again after seat leader Jolande Sap left the House on 23 October 2012 .
After a series of consultations , King Albert II decided to reject Prime Minister Yves Leterme ' s resignation on 17 July .
In the 2008 Presidential Election and 2012 United States presidential election , African Americans voted overwhelmingly for Democratic candidate , Barack Obama .
He was also involved in the evidence-based policy movement , including serving as director of the Economic and Social Research Council ' s UK Centre for Evidence Based Policy and Practice and co-founding the journal " Evidence & amp ; Policy " .
She was nominated to Rajya Sabha , the Upper House of Indian Parliament on 26 April 2012 , by President Pratibha Patil .
Onganía implemented corporatist policies , experimenting in particular in Córdoba under the governance of Carlos José Caballero .
Both sides used the battle for propaganda , Winston Churchill renamed the Free France as the Fighting French and Hitler called the French the second best fighters after the Germans .
This was the first time since 1896 United States presidential election in Kansas Kansas voted for the losing candidate .
In an October 2017 interview with Maureen Dowd , Carter stated his willingness to aid President Trump with resolving growing tensions between the US and North Korea and confirmed he had notified National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster that he was open to serving as an American diplomatic envoy to North Korea .
The Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy ( ) is a political party in Djibouti .
Tom Hayden and Rennie Davis were the key Mobe organizers for the Chicago demonstration , and would later be indicted for conspiracy and inciting a riot as members of the Chicago Seven .
The following year , after the Bolshevik seizure of power , the May Day celebrations were boycotted by Mensheviks , Left Socialist Revolutionaries and anarchists .
The first allegations of detainee abuse came in early February 2007 , when University of Ottawa law professor Amir Attaran produced documents he had received through an access-to-information request showing that three prisoners in the custody of Canadian military police were brought in by their Afghan interrogator for treatment of similar injuries to the head and upper body , all on the same day .
At the time of the union of East Jersey and West Jersey into the Province of New Jersey in 1702 , there were about 24 townships ; more were added under British government by letters patent , court decrees , or legislative action .
The Banu Qaynuqa left first for the Jewish colonies in the Wadi al-Kura , north of Medina , and from there to Der 'a in Syria ,
In December 1910 United Kingdom general election he reduced the Unionist majority and lost by 308 votes .
Rachel Lubersky ( later Cohen-Kagan ) was born in the city of Odessa in the Russian Empire ( today in Ukraine ) , Cohen-Kagan attended university in her home city and Moscow .
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada Prime Minister John Diefenbaker appointed the late Ellen Fairclough as Secretary of State , making her Canada 's first female cabinet minister , in 1957 .
Dalla Chiesa was instead the candidate of a center-left coalition composed by the ex-communist Democratic Party of the Left and some other progressives party ( such as the new-born Federation of the Greens and the Communist Refoundation Party ) .
The shortest term , not counting city council presidents serving as acting mayor , was that of William Stephens , who was appointed to serve for less than two weeks after Arthur Cyprian Harper resigned from office .
On February 15 , 1850 , Governor Daniel Haines and the New Jersey Legislature separated Ocean County from Monmouth County , and created Brick Township , including the Point Pleasant area , which became independent of Brick Township in 1920 , though the post office carried the designation " West Point Pleasant " until 1956 .
Opinion polls suggested that Labour Party , coalition " Working for Lithuania , Homeland Union and Liberal and Centre Union would be the main contenders in the elections .
In the British Empire , traditions of anti-Catholicism in Britain led to fears that Catholics were a threat to the national ( British ) values .
Regarding these early years as a filmmaker , he stated to a " Playboy " interviewer in 1990 that " If I had remained a movie director , I can assure you that I would have at least become a better one than Akira Kurosawa .
Loyal to the Socialist Party of America throughout the entire course of its existence , the " International Socialist Review " after 1908 was recognized as one of the primary voices of the party 's left wing .
In 1960-61 , he studied Law , International Political Economy and Public Finance at Complutense University of Madrid .
He was a Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 to 2003 , and an unsuccessful contender for the House of Commons of Canada in 2004 .
There is an active secessionist movement based on the self-determination of the residents of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of eastern Ukraine , allegedly against the illegitimacy and corruption of the Ukrainian government
In foreign policy , despite his conversion to the Lutheranism , Wenceslaus III Adam based his career in the faithful service to the House of Habsburg in Vienna .
She is a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany , part of the Party of European Socialists .
After the elections Terlouw left politics , and he was replaced by Maarten Engwirda .
Also in 2004 , she had a supporting role as Jocelyne Jordan in the political thriller " The Manchurian Candidate " , which also starred Denzel Washington and Meryl Streep .
Peter was largely forced to capitulate by a new invasion from Morocco aimed at Castile and Valencia .
Concentrating on foreign policy , he appointed the aging Lewis Cass as Secretary of State .
During the trial , Nichols testified as to several incidents of violence involving the American Indian Movement .
It was used as a staging area for the Arkansas Post Expedition and as a headquarters by Maj. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant and of the XV Corps during the winter of 1862-63 .
Chinese President Hu Jintao gave a speech on the opening ceremony in the Great Hall of the People .
She resigned from the Senate on 27 November 2019 and was replaced by former foreign minister Jorge Taiana after assuming the vice presidency .
World War I , in which the United States and its allies fought - among other Central Powers - the German Empire , raised concern about the German threat to the United States .
On 8 January 1996 , an Air Africa Antonov An-32 aircraft ( RA-26222 ) which had been wet-lease d by Moscow Airways to Scibe Airlift crashed into a market shortly after taking off from N 'Dolo Airport in Kinshasa , capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , killing approximately 300 people ( " see 1996 Air Africa crash " ) .
During this period , his influence amongst Bosniaks in the Sandžak region became very strong with the approval from the central government in Belgrade , led by Koštunica at the time .
He then studied biology at the Leiden University and economics at the University of Amsterdam .
He was president of the Liberal Party of Canada from 1952 to 1958 and had been a top Liberal campaign strategist for nearly 40 years at the time of his death .
The group of protesters stated that Secretary for Justice Teresa Cheng frequently departed from usual procedures and well-established guidelines , and accused Cheng of bias in selecting prosecution cases .
On 14 June 2010 , a strategic briefing paper with a covering letter signed by Maajid Nawaz and Ed Hussain was sent to Charles Farr , director of the Office for Security and Counter-Terrorism ( OSCT ) .
The party remained seatless until the 1953 Danish general election , retaining its seat in 1957 and 1960 .
The Fox is assumed to be in the village of Čelebići , in the Republika Srpska , near the border with Montenegro , with various stories circulating about him , such as that he enjoys fox hunting ( hence the nickname ) and that the head of his security detail is a ruthless psychopath with a tattooed forehead .
In 1998 , a panel of researchers conducted a Y-DNA study of living descendants of Jefferson 's uncle , Field , and of a descendant of Hemings 's son , Eston Hemings .
However , its Luxembourg -based parent company , Soiuzplodoimport , responded to the boycott effort , noting that the company was not technically Russian , did not support the government 's opinion on homosexuality , and described itself as a " fervent supporter and friend " of LGBT people .
He was first elected to the House of Commons at the 1979 United Kingdom general election as MP for Huntingdon .
The Acting Colonial Secretary William Thomas Bridges , who was a Freemason like Caldwell destroyed Wong Ma-chow 's account books , the crucial evidence which allegedly contained entries firmly implicating Caldwell in Wong 's piratical activities , in the name of saving office space .
After settling in Reading at the end of the war he was selected by the local Constituency Labour Party for the 1945 United Kingdom general election , beating James Callaghan and Austen Albu .
He campaigned in the north-end Winnipeg riding of Point Douglas , which has a large aboriginal population , and finished third with 575 votes .
By 1923 , he was already a member of the Young Communist League of Germany and in 1924 , he joined the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) .
Albert Osswald ( 16 May 1919 - 15 August 1996 ) was a German politician ( Social Democratic Party of Germany ) .
Hunt was defeated by Boris Johnson , having secured only one third of the vote .
Tazio Nuvolari often drove for Alfa , winning many races before the Second World War .
Republican Paula Hawkins won the open seat .
" Soon after the legal proceedings around the company she emigrated to the United States .
In September 2008 , Tavar traveled to Lisbon , Portugal , where he painted his " Giving to the poor " stencil commenting on the social issue of homelessness .
While India has remained a staunch supporter of the " One China " policy and recognised the sovereignty of the People 's Republic of China on the mainland over the Taiwan authorities on Taiwan , India has nevertheless pursued a policy of increasing engagement with Taiwan .
Further information can be gathered from travellers such as Benjamin of Tudela and Ibn Jubayr .
In 1908 , Littleton was retained by multi-millionaire Harry K. Thaw as chief defense counsel in Thaw 's second trial for the high-profile murder of prominent architect Stanford White on the rooftop of Madison Square Garden , after Thaw had learned of White 's past relationship with Thaw 's wife Evelyn Nesbit .
She was a member of the feminist group Acción Feminista Dominicana ( AFD ) that helped secure suffrage for women in the Dominican Republic in 1942 under dictator Rafael Trujillo .
In 1903 , Bertie was appointed a Privy Council of the United Kingdom and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath ( GCB ) in 1908 , as well as receiving the French Legion of Honour .
It took place in December 1942 between Allies of World War II of the Eighth Army ( General Bernard Montgomery ) and the Axis powers of the German-Italian " Panzer " Army (
" Magnus Hirschfeld , 1914 .
Directed by Mike Vardy , the serial , based on Michael Dobbs ' s 1995 novel of the same name , was adapted for television by Andrew Davies .
During his time in the Kentucky Senate Barry wrote to former President James Madison seeking support for a plan of subsidizing public education across the state ; Madison responded enthusiastically and included in his letter of August 4 , 1822 the often-cited observation : " A popular Government , without popular information or the means of acquiring it , is but a Prologue to a Farce or a Tragedy ; or , perhaps both .
A constitutional referendum was held in Liberia on 27 September 1847 .
The original Auberge de Castille was dismantled and completely rebuilt in the Spanish Baroque style between 1741 and 1744 , during the magistracy of Grand Master Manuel Pinto da Fonseca .
The 1984 Hesse coalition under minister-president Holger Börner was to be based on an official policy agreement negotiated by both parties .
Ottoman Empire forces , in winter quarters , suffered a series of unexpected reverses that led to a Russian victory .
One member listed Willie among those who were " constant guests " on Saturdays , along with Henry Irving , Herbert Beerbohm Tree , J. Comyns Carr , Edward Dicey , Carlo Pellegrini , Frederic Clay and Oscar Wilde .Sir Vincent Corbett , KCVO , " Reminiscences , Autobiographical and Diplomatic " , Hodder & amp ; Stoughton n.d ( preface dated July 1927 ) p .
At the same time Saddam Hussein , Iraq 's secular Arab nationalist Ba 'athist leader , was eager to take advantage of Iran 's weakened military and ( what he assumed was ) revolutionary chaos , and in particular to occupy Iran 's adjacent oil-rich province of Khuzestan , and to undermine Iranian Islamic revolutionary attempts to incite the Shi 'a majority of his country .
Those preceding her included Bayard Rustin in 1942 , Sarah Louise Keys in 1952 , and the members of the ultimately successful " Browder v. Gayle " 1956 lawsuit ( Claudette Colvin , Aurelia Browder , Susie McDonald , and Mary Louise Smith ) who were arrested in Montgomery for not giving up their bus seats months before Parks .
He had contacts with the Kreisau Circle , especially through Ulrich von Hassell and Adam von Trott zu Solz .
The moderate United Party of Jan Smuts ( the official opposition in 1948-1977 ) initially opposed the Nationalists ' programme of apartheid , having favoured the dismantling of racial segregation by the Fagan Commission , but eventually came to revert its policy and even criticised the NP government for " handing out " too much South African land to the bantustans .
Germán Contreras García ( born 4 April 1962 ) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Other candidates challenging Edwards in the primary were U.S. Representatives Bob Livingston , a suburban New Orleans Republican , and Billy Tauzin , a Democrat from Lafourche Parish .
Houphouët-Boigny was also a major contributor to the political tensions in Biafra .
He became an associate of such leaders as A. Philip Randolph , Martin Luther King , Thurgood Marshall , .
Adam Marshall was declared elected on 28 May 2013 .
The Sluch River was designated as the boundary between Ukraine and Poland .
Ordoño II was also a military leader who brought military expeditions from León south to Seville , Córdoba , and Guadalajara , in the heart of the Muslim territory .
The Alliance was led by Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha , Sheikh Amir Ali al-Sulaiman and Sheikh Hameed al-Hayyes
The 9th district encompasses the inner New York City suburbs , including Paterson , Passaic , Clifton , and Fort Lee .
The Rab concentration camp witnesses and atrocities in the Croatian village of Podhum near Rijeka are shown .
He attended primary school in his hometown and secondary school at the Arab College in Jerusalem , graduating in 1937 .
During the interim period , Traian Băsescu nominated repeatedly friendly candidates , despite the fact that the then opposition parties ( PNL , PSD , UDMR , and the 18 representatives of the national ethnic minorities ) , having an absolute majority in both Houses of Parliament , expressed their will to nominate the Mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis as Prime Minister .
He quit the Social-Democrats and joined the Christian Democratic National Peasants ' Party , then the National Democratic Bloc , a small party created by trade unionists of " Blocul Național Sindical " ( " National Union Bloc " ) and allied with Greater Romania Party and finally joined the Conservative party .
Wang was an alternate member of the 17th Central Committee and is a full member of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China .
Anarchist ideas have been influential in the development of the Democratic Federation of Northern Syria ( DFNS ) , more commonly known as Rojava , a " de facto " autonomous region in northern Syria ..
The first election to the new council was due to take place in May 2009 , but on 25 April 2008 , Shaun Woodward , Secretary of State for Northern Ireland announced that the scheduled 2009 district council elections were to be postponed until the introduction of the eleven new councils in 2011 .
In the municipal elections of Santiago de Compostela in 1891 , Jose Tarrío and Salvador Cabeza de León were elected town councillors , the first galicianist politicians to be elected to public office in the history of Galicia .
In other countries where liberal conservative movements have entered the political mainstream , such as Italy and Spain , the terms liberal and conservative may be synonymous .
Many registered Democrats who voted for Reagan ( Reagan Democrats ) stated that they had chosen to do so because they associated him with the economic recovery , because of his strong stance on national security issues with Russia , and because they considered the Democrats as " supporting American poor and minorities at the expense of the middle class .
There was a separate meeting for G8 leaders and leaders of " major economies " -- Australia , Brazil , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , South Africa and South Korea .
Mbusa 's father fought with the Rally for Congolese Democracy ( RCD ) against the government of Laurent-Désiré Kabila in the Second Congo War .
There is no military conscription in Nigeria , but since 1973 graduates of universities and later polytechnics have been required to take part in the National Youth Service Corps program for one year .
Leicester King , a former judge and state senator in Ohio , was nominated to be Hale 's running mate .
The leader of the alliance R. Sampanthan was the leader of the opposition from September 2015 to December 2018 .
Nixon and Agnew defeated the Democratic nominees , Senator George McGovern of South Dakota and his running mate U.S. Ambassador Sargent Shriver of Maryland .
He graduated from the Law Faculty of Istanbul University .
In the United Kingdom , it began airing on ITV2 on October 30 , 2017 .
Greater Manila was represented by two delegates in the National Assembly of the Japanese-sponsored Second Philippine Republic : one was the city mayor ( an " ex officio " member ) , while the other was elected through a citywide assembly of KALIBAPI members during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines .
He dealt with Soviet Georgy Zhukov , his Russian counterpart , and they became good friends.Jean Edward Smith , " Eisenhower in War and Peace " ( 2012 ) p .
Krivic was born in Dvor , Žužemberk and she graduated from the University of Ljubljana in 1941 .
The party emerged around the supporters of Ruairí Ó Brádaigh and Dáithí Ó Conaill .
In the 2012 presidential election , Democrat Barack Obama received 3,064 votes ( 61.5 % vs. 54.8 % countywide ) , ahead of Republican Mitt Romney with 1,788 votes ( 35.9 % vs. 43.5 % ) and other candidates with 63 votes ( 1.3 % vs. 0.9 % ) , among the 4,983 ballots cast by the borough 's 7,875 registered voters , for a turnout of 63.3 % ( vs. 70.4 % in Camden County ) .
1810-1821 : Part of the Viceroyalty of Peru small ( viceroyalty of the Spanish Empire ) / smallbr /
He was then selected to be the Minister of Information replacing Dato ' Mohamed Rahmat who was appointed as ambassador to Jakarta , Indonesia .
Violence between Hindus and Muslims led to further confrontations within the Janata party , with most Janata leaders demanding that Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Lal Krishna Advani choose between staying in government and being members of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh .
Perry did poorly in the debates , however , and Herman Cain and then Newt Gingrich came into the fore in October and November .
Men who opt out of military service must often perform alternative service , such as Zivildienst in Austria and Switzerland , whereas women do not have these obligations .
The Cassowary Coast Region is a local government area in the Far North Queensland region of Queensland , Australia , south of Cairns and centred on the towns of Innisfail , Cardwell and Tully .
The was part of the strategic bombing campaign waged by the United States against military and civilian targets and population centers during the Japan home islands campaign in the closing stages of World War II .Hoyt. " Inferno : The Fire Bombing of Japan , March 9 - August 15 , 1945 "
Begin 's most significant achievement as Prime Minister was the signing of a peace treaty with Egypt in 1979 , for which he and Anwar Sadat shared the Nobel Prize for Peace .
Elliott Lewis , leader of the Ministerial group , entered the election as the incumbent Premier of Tasmania .
Republican incumbent Jay Dardenne , after winning a special election in 2006 , easily defeated Democrat R. Wooley and Libertarian Scott A. Lewis III to win a full term .
Image : SylvesterPennoyer.png | Former Governor Sylvester Pennoyer of Oregon
On 2 March 2018 , UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , Zeid Ra 'ad Al Hussein said , " Syria must be referred to the International Criminal Court .
In September2013 , the World Trade Organization Director-General also stepped in to provide council .
Simpson entered the 1998 campaign for the U.S. House seat vacated by Mike Crapo , who was running for United States Senate .
The inscription , together with other evidence , confirmed Lumbini as the birthplace of the Buddha .
They moved to Yamen ( in present-day Xinhui District , Jiangmen , Guangdong Province ) to evade the Mongols .
This union collected 19,930 signatures on a petition protesting Mackenzie 's unjust expulsion from the House of Assembly by the Family Compact .
In January 2010 , German media reported that Christian Wulff , then Minister-President of Lower Saxony , had accepted a complimentary flight upgrade from Air Berlin for a family trip to Miami on September 15 , 2009 .
Singapore competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney , Australia .
The 18th- and 19th-century portrait painter Thomas Lawrence , 19th-century architect Francis Greenway ( designer of many of Sydney ' s first buildings ) were born in the city .
He represents the riding of Northumberland - Peterborough South as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario .
In 1932 , Almásy embarked on an expedition to find the legendary Zerzura , " The Oasis of the Birds , " with three United Kingdom , Sir Robert Clayton , Squadron Leader H.W.G.J. Penderel and Patrick Clayton .
Former Guild Presidents include notable figures such as former Prime Minister Bob Hawke , former federal Opposition Leader Kim Beazley and former Health Minister and Attorney General of Western Australia Jim McGinty .
In contrast , in jurisdictions with uncodified statutes , like the United Kingdom , determining what the law is can be a more difficult process .
Billionaire businessman Ross Perot ( Reform Party of the United States of America - TX ) finished in third , with 10.06 % of the popular vote .
He published and the editor-in-chief of the independent Wilno ( Vilnius ) periodical titled " Słowo , " wholly financially supported by the noble families of the former Grand Duchy of Lithuania .
It covers the area of Sindh Balochistan and Punjab ( except Gujranwala Division and Rawalpindi Division ) in Pakistan .
The Islamic Summit Minar is an obelisk -shaped structure built in the centre of Charing Cross , Mall Road in the city of Lahore , Punjab the province of Pakistan .
Reagan 's Assistant Secretary of Labor and Chief of Staff , Al Angrisani , was a primary architect of the bill .
Arkansas is one of the eight states of the United States that limits its governor to two terms for life in its constitution , along with California , Delaware , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , Nevada and Oklahoma .
He is a member of the following organisations : American Philosophical Association , Aristotelian Society , Association for Legal and Social Philosophy , Basic Income Earth Network .
Meacham , Naftali , and Baker describe the impeachments ( or in the case of Nixon , unfinished impeachment proceedings ) of Andrew Johnson , Richard Nixon , and Bill Clinton , respectively .
The Abkhaz Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic ( ) , was an autonomous republic of the Soviet Union within the Georgian SSR .
Winfield Scott Hancock ( 1824 & amp ; ndash ; 1886 ) was a career U.S. Army officer and the Democratic nominee for President of the United States in 1880 .
In the film he said : " I 've tried very hard not to believe in conspiracy theories , " but accused the European Union of moving " towards supranationalism , " adding : " I 've got to know over the years the Van Rompuys , the Schulzes , you know , the Barrosos , even the Junckers , the Timmermans , and it 's completely clear , they actually want to destroy the nation state as a unit .
These groups are characterized by an emphasis on basing doctrine and practice on the Bible alone in order to restore the New Testament church they believe to have been established by Jesus .
The latter filed on 5 June a motion of censure against Ponta IV Cabinet for failing to organize the 2014 Romanian presidential election in diaspora in November 2014 .
In the 1994 Selwyn by-election National retained the seat , but the Alliance candidate came second , perhaps held by votes from disaffected Labour voters for the Alliance candidate .
After the elections to the Cortes 20 September 1858 , the Liberal Union had a majority of seats ; it maintained power continuously until the Glorious Revolution of 1868 ushered in the " Sexenio Democrático " .
In 1869 , Jay Gould , an unethical director of the Erie Railroad , sought to corner the gold market with the connivance of Abel Corbin , a financier with a shady past who was President Grant 's brother-in-law .
It was abolished for the 1983 United Kingdom general election .
The new BQ candidate was Josée Beaudin .
Thereafter , he returned to Kollam at the request of Mannathu Padmanabhan and worked as a teacher in Nair Service Society schools , before retiring as headmaster from NSS High School for Boys , Pandalam in 1974 .
The Institute currently maintains offices in Beirut , Paris , Washington , and Ramallah .
In 1948 , Douglas L. Campbell was selected as Premier by a vote among MLAs in the governing Liberal-Progressive / Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba coalition , defeating Progressive Conservative leader Errick Willis .
The national leader Mariano Rajoy declined to support him against the attacks within his party , so he resigned from the party .
From 2001 to 2014 , this office was held by Klaus Wowereit of the SPD .
Peter Morgan ' s first production featuring Michael Sheen as Tony Blair was the Channel 4 single drama " The Deal " ( 2003 ) , which dramatized the rise of Gordon Brown ( David Morrissey ) and Blair when they were new Members of Parliament .
Elections to Manchester City Council took place on 3 May 2012 , on the same day as other 2012 United Kingdom local elections .
Chapter Ten entails Jesus 's conflicts with the Pharisees and Sadducees and concludes with a characterization of Judas Iscariot .
After securing voting plurality in 1993 Pakistani general elections , Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto further widened the scope of FIA , making FIA akin to Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) in the intelligence community .
Also it was a reflection of a developing economy sustained by the introduction of a post-1918 Soldier Settlement Scheme to the Atherton Tableland , and the opening of the North Coast rail link between Cairns and Brisbane in 1924 .
Then he studied German language and literature at Humboldt University in Berlin , where he was an active member of the Catholic Student Community .
Paweł Kowal lead the delegation of the European Parliament ' s observers ; this delegation included ten people , who cooperated closely with the delegations of observers from the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly , the Council of Europe , the NATO Parliamentary Assembly , and the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights ( ODIHR ) .
In 1999 , she represented the Communist Youth Union of Canada ( Marxist-Leninist ) and other youth groups at a commemoration ceremony for party founder Hardial Bains .
The Alberta Liberal Party government introduced five-member block voting constituencies in Edmonton and Calgary in 1921 Alberta general election , and briefly made Medicine Hat a double-member district .
The Quebec Liberal Party , led by Robert Bourassa , defeated the incumbent Union Nationale , led by Premier Jean-Jacques Bertrand .
After attending school , Pöpke completed an apprenticeship as a locksmith , and first worked as a locksmith in Poznań and later switched to the Friedrich Krupp AG in Essen .
Human rights abuses are monitored by United Nations committees , national institutions and governments and by many independent non-governmental organizations , such as Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch , World Organisation Against Torture , Freedom House , International Freedom of Expression Exchange and Anti-Slavery International .
After the imposition of martial law in 1977 , chief of army staff General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq released him from the prison and ultimately appointed him at the stint as Editor-in-chief of " Pakistan Times " .
The film featured Emraan Hashmi as Mohammad Azharuddin , Nargis Fakhri as Sangeeta Bijlani and Prachi Desai as first wife Naureen .
Can I be free of worries I have about the west ( referring to the rival state Shu Han in the west ) ? " Cao Pi later returned from Guangling Commandery to Luoyang and he told Sima Yi : " When I am in the east , you will be in charge of the west ; when I am in the west , you will be in charge of the east .
He was Svoboda 's campaign manager during its national breakthrough at the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election .
Instead , new movements rose to the fore in Kabyle politics : the Berber Arouch Citizens ' Movement ( BACM ) and the Movement for the Autonomy of Kabylie ( MAK ) , whose regionalist ambitions for autonomy marked a new evolution in Kabyle politics : with the region of Barbacha gaining a significant degree of autonomy , giving hope to many Kabylie activists .
Chris Simmons was confirmed as the new president by the ACT New Zealand board on 21 October 2010 .
He also challenged minister Stephen Byers over his handling of the Railtrack collapse .
In 2010 , she won the Republican nomination for the 2010 United States Senate election in California , but lost the general election to incumbent Democrat Barbara Boxer .
The president of the Confederate States was the elected head of state and government of the Confederate States of America .
Incumbent Republican Governor Clifford Joy Rogers ran for a full term as Governor of Wyoming after Frank A. Barrett was elected to the U.S. Senate , but lost the nomination to former State Representative Milward Simpson .
He was a foreign policy spokesperson for Republican Mitt Romney during Romney 's 2012 campaign for president of the United States ; he is the first openly gay individual to work as a spokesperson for a Republican presidential candidate .
The President of the New Jersey Senate , former Governor Richard Codey , had stated his support for Corzine 's budget including the tax increase .
The election was disastrous for Sinn Féin , who lost all but one of their seats .
The Hamilton County municipalities of Sharonville , Blue Ash , Deer Park , Loveland , Madeira , Newtown , Terrace Park , and Indian Hill were in the district , along with eastern parts of Cincinnati .
He has written books on the legal profession , capitalism in Russia and the corrupting influence of money on Capitol Hill .
Wokingham is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom since 1987 United Kingdom general election by John Redwood , a Conservative .
He also called for peace , hard work and dedication to the Poland .
He was elected a London borough councillor ( in Bromley ) 1986-90 , and fought three general elections : Chelsea 1983 United Kingdom general election , Orpington 1987 United Kingdom general election and Leyton 1992 United Kingdom general election .
The governor , Mike DeWine , is a Republican , as are all other non-judicial statewide elected officials : Lieutenant Governor of Ohio Jon A. Husted , Ohio Attorney General Dave Yost , Ohio State Auditor Keith Faber , Ohio Secretary of State Frank LaRose and Ohio State Treasurer Robert Sprague .
Two serving Prime Ministers , Menachem Begin and Ehud Barak , also served as agriculture ministers ; Begin following the death of the incumbent , and Barak following the resignation of the former minister 's party from his coalition .
Elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in 1921 with the " national bloc , " he acted as a mediator between local conservative forces and the Blackshirts ; on a national level , Acerbo ensured peace in the open conflict between the Italian Socialist Party and Fascists , and was elected to a leadership position inside the National Fascist Party ( PNF ) .
Samedbey Mehmandarov was born on October 16 , 1855 in Lankaran , Azerbaijan in a noble family originally from Shusha .
The Australian Labor Party was defending two seats .
United Australia Party Senators Patrick Lynch and George Pearce and Country Party Senator William Carroll were not up for re-election .
Baguio , being a chartered city , was represented separately in this short-lived legislative body .
He was a candidate in the 2009 Ontario New Democratic Party leadership election , finishing in fourth place .
Giessen ( " Gießen " in German ) is one of the three Regierungsbezirk e of Hesse , Germany , located in the middle of the state .
Within the Government , Party leader Norovyn Altankhuyag became First Deputy Prime Minister and the Party keeps the seats of Finance Minister , Health Minister , Minister of Environment and Tourism , Minister of Roads , Transportation , Construction and Urban Development , and Minister of Defense .
Although sharing similarities to the National Labor Party , it was actually founded over two years after its federal counterpart merged into the Nationalist Party .
The unexpected tragedy was regarded as a great national misfortune throughout India and was deplored by the British Government as an Imperial loss .
Fellow panellist Chuka Umunna from the think tank Compass called his comments " absolutely disgraceful , " and booing and jeering were heard from the Cheltenham studio audience .
The Pan-Purple Coalition ( ) is a social activist umbrella group based in the Taiwan ( Taiwan ) .
In 1944 , Kubiyovych , moved to Germany where he at first settled in the Allied-occupied Germany in West Germany , and then later moved to France .
Self-immolation is tolerated by some elements of Mahayana Buddhism and Hinduism , and it has been practiced for many centuries , especially in India , for various reasons , including " jauhar " , political protest , devotion , and renouncement .
Following the 2015 United Kingdom general election , Prime Minister , David Cameron ' s Chancellor , George Osborne was appointed the title of First Secretary .
Mary landed at Portsmouth and stayed her first night at Southwick Priory .
Joyce was one of five politicians disqualified from parliament in October 2017 for holding dual citizenship , along with former deputy leader , Fiona Nash .
Raila Odinga was born at the Anglican Church Missionary Society Hospital , in Maseno , Kisumu District , Nyanza Province on 7 January 1945 to Mary Ajuma Odinga and Jaramogi Oginga Odinga .
Pugh was elected in the National Assembly for Wales 1999 National Assembly for Wales election to the marginal Clwyd West seat of the National Assembly for Wales .
Euroscepticism in the United Kingdom is a continuum of belief ranging from the opposition to certain political policies of the European Union to the complete opposition to the United Kingdom " s membership of the European Union .
Those who did not count as Iranian Principlists or Reformist , were Independents :
Whereas most leaders had come from or identified with the independence movement Sinn Féin ( in its 1917-22 phase ) , Bruton identified more with the more moderate Irish Parliamentary Party ( IPP ) tradition that Sinn Féin had eclipsed at the 1918 Irish general election .
The City of London and the joint borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis each elected four members .
He initially lived in a room in the Savoy Hotel , a small hotel in Tel Aviv whose owner was sympathetic to the Irgun 's cause , and his wife and son were smuggled in to join him after two months .
Another party , the Liberal Democratic Party split from the UAP prior to the 1943 Australian federal election in August .
Agustín Barrios Gómez Segués ( born 18 March 1971 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Party of the Democratic Revolution .
Romesh Chandra , the general secretary of the World Peace Council , was elected chair of the Congress .
During the American Civil War , the prison was reopened in 1862 to accommodate the growing population of Confederate States of America prisoners of war and ceased to be prison at the end of the war in 1865 .
Galina Antyufeyeva , the chairperson of the parliamentary legislative committee and wife of security minister Vladimir Antyufeyev , also joined " Fair Pridnestrovie " as well as Valeri Ponomarenko .
Zhou Enlai died on 8 January 1976 , at a time when Deng Xiaoping 's reformist alliance was not yet strong enough to stand up to both the ailing Mao Zedong and his Cultural Revolution allies , the Gang of Four ( Jiang Qing , Zhang Chunqiao , Wang Hongwen , and Yao Wenyuan ) .
Sciortino defeated two challengers to win the federal New Democratic Party ' s nomination for Rosemont in the buildup to the 1988 Canadian federal election .Paul Gessell , " Canada 's cultural mosaic flexing its political muscles , " " Ottawa Citizen " , 28 May 1988 , B1 .
The Green Party of England and Wales stood 59 candidates , Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition 18 , UK Independence Party 10 and the Wessex Regionalists 1 .
The current party president is Davor Bernardić , who was elected in a leadership election on 26 November 2016 following Zoran Milanović .
Prior to 1815 , the area now known as " Jammu and Kashmir " comprised 22 small independent states ( 16 Hindu and six Muslim ) carved out of territories controlled by the Amir ( King ) of Afghanistan , combined with those of local small rulers .
Hitler 's private secretary , Martin Bormann , put into action Operation Seraglio , a plan to evacuate the key and favoured members of Hitler 's entourage from the Berlin bunker where they were based , the " Führerbunker " , to an Alpine command centre near Berchtesgaden - Hitler 's retreat in southern Germany .
In a letter to President Theodore Roosevelt ( whose maternal ancestors were from the South ) , Dodd described his approach : " The purpose of my studying and writing history is to strike a balance somewhat between the North and the South , but not to offer any defense of any thing .
Defeated in the struggle with José Díaz for control of the PCE , he went to Prague .
In February 2008 , the new GOP-led council gave the authority over the county-wide Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department to the Mayor , leaving Sheriff Frank J. Anderson with authority over the county jail , protection of City-County buildings and the traditional roles of tax collection and paper serving , but left him as the only Sheriff in Indiana without territory to protect .
The Solzhenitsyn Aid Fund ( officially Russian Public Fund to Aid Political Prisoners and their Families , also Fund for the Aid of Political Prisoners , Public Aid Fund ) was a charity foundation and support network set up by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and Alexander Ginzburg that distributed funds and material support to political and religious prisoners across the Soviet Union throughout the 1970s and 1980s .
Djibouti has committed to strengthening international action through the African Union to achieve collective security and uphold the goals enshrined in the Purposes and Principles of the UN Charter and the Constitutive Act of the African Union .
Its last assignment was to the 3d Operations Group , being stationed at Elmendorf Air Force Base , Alaska .
Premier Joseph Stalin had declined to attend , citing the ongoing Battle of Stalingrad as requiring his presence in the Soviet Union .
WWE Hall of Fame .
Once a typical Yankee Republican bastion in the wake of the Civil War , Massachusetts had been a Democratic-leaning state since 1928 United States presidential election in Massachusetts , when a coalition of Irish Catholic and other ethnic immigrant voters primarily based in urban areas turned Massachusetts and neighboring Rhode Island into New England 's only reliably Democratic states .
The Social Democratic Group is a social democratic party group on the Nordic Council , making up the largest group on the Council .
Donald Trump waived his five-year lobbying ban on administration officials allowing Peacock to join the Business Roundtable .
In the 1970 Ceylonese parliamentary election , he was elected as a Member of Parliament from the Yatinuwara electorate , and was appointed Minister for Agriculture and Lands by Sirimavo Bandaranaike .
France radicalized more and more , and the " Feuillants " lost their influence to the " Girondins " and the rising Jacobin s .
Other supporters have included the Council of Conservative Citizens , national radio hosts Sean Hannity and Michael Savage , Tennessee radio host James Edwards and Virginia activist Mark Hopkins .
Early in 1688 , a pamphlet titled " The Letter " circulated in England , composed by Grand Pensionary Gaspar Fagel , who handled the Dutch foreign affairs .
The ongoing occupation of East Timor by Indonesia by the undemocratic Suharto Government and events like the 1991 Dili massacre , contributed to a large degree of popular disapproval of closer defence ties to Indonesia , nevertheless , Keating announced the conclusion of a security agreement with Jakarta in 1995 .
The second largest party in the country is the Australian Labor Party and its dominant faction is Labor Right , a socially conservative element .
The Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is the second institution in the central executive branch of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the first institution being the President , who has the title of head of state .
The Francophone community is Protestant , but influenced by Evangelicals in the USA and by the Pentecostal free churches of South Africa .
The 2008 result made Barack Obama the first Democratic presidential nominee to sweep all ten of New Hampshire 's counties since native son Franklin Pierce in 1852 United States presidential election in New Hampshire .
The Japanese also fought skirmishes with Soviet- Mongolian forces in Manchukuo in 1938 and 1939 .
" In February 2009 , Pelosi met with her bishop , Archbishop George Hugh Niederauer of San Francisco , and with Pope Benedict XVI regarding the controversy .
7-11 and ( now former ) Friends of the Earth director Charles Secrett .
The son of Jewish refugees from Czechoslovakia and Germany , William D. Rubinstein , Michael Jolles , Hilary L. Rubinstein , " The Palgrave Dictionary of Anglo-Jewish History " , Palgrave Macmillan ( 2011 ) , p .
On the other hand , Democrat Jim Costa in the Assembly had unsuccessfully carried ' preemption ' bills for the real estate industry since 1983 .
It also inspired a similar feature in the American magazine " National Lampoon " named " Mrs Agnew 's Diary " , purporting to be the actual journal of Vice President Spiro Agnew ' s wife Judy Agnew .
Following the change of government in January 1933 the authorities lost no time in transforming Germany into a one- Nazi Party dictatorship .
Albanese was elected to the House of Representatives at the 1996 Australian federal election , winning the Division of Grayndler in New South Wales .
The Socialist Liberation Party ( , 1920 TKP ) is a Marxist-Leninist communist party in Turkey .
It was in the critical winter of 566-567 that the Avars , stuck in what is now eastern Germany , were sent feelers by Alboin , the strong ruler of the Lombards and brother-in-law of Sigebert , who sought an alliance to crush his old enemies the Gepids .
One map shows Alaska as having been returned to Russia , while a Canadian variant had the province of Alberta , commonly regarded as the most conservative Canadian province , marked as part of Jesusland instead of Canada .
Unlike the election of 1884 , the power of the Tammany Hall political machine in New York City helped deny Cleveland the electoral votes of his home state.Calhoun , page 43
Both Robinson and Carroll began taking lessons in Islam from Quilliam member Usama Hasan , and stated their intention to train in lobbying institutions .
Following Catt 's lead at the national level , Youmans renamed the state suffrage organization as the Wisconsin the first president of the Wisconsin chapter of the League of Women Voters in 1920 and served as the state League 's first vice president .
In " Manufacturing Consent : The Political Economy of the Mass Media " , Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky argue via their Propaganda Model Edward S. Herman " , London : Routledge , 1997 , p .
One of his grandsons is the Australian actor and scriptwriter Shane Porteous , best known as Dr. Terence Elliot in television 's " A Country Practice " .
109 In 1881 , Boutwell turned down the appointment of Secretary of the Treasury from President Chester A. Arthur .
Meanwhile , Dong Chang the military governor of Yisheng Circuit ( 義勝 , headquartered in modern Shaoxing , Zhejiang ) had misjudged his strength and declared himself the emperor of a new state of Luoping ( 羅平 ) .
A reported party manifesto , " The Ten Declarations of the Maoist Communist Party of China " , was posted on the Internet in which the legitimacy of the Communist Party of China was questioned .
Ian Cairns 20 : 00 , 18 February 2007 ( UTC )
The party 's ideology of " Turkmen nationalism " was theorized by former party leader Saparmurat Niyazov for the purpose of an authoritarian state ideology in Turkmenistan .
" WALL STREET JOURNAL , 19 Jan 2018 , p.1 The majority of foreigners are from : Belgium , France , Italy , Germany , and Portugal .. " " Statnews 16 / 2013 , op statec.lu , 18 April 2013 .
The result was a victory for the Social Action Party , which won 82 of the 301 seats .
In the final poll of the year in December 1997 Irene Sáez , a former beauty queen ( Miss Universe 1981 " St. Petersburg Times " , 21 July 1981 , , " reached 35 % in December 1997 , but fell to 6 % by April 1998 .
On 24 March 2011 , Foreign Secretary William Hague said : " We call on the government of Syria to respect their people 's right to peaceful protest , and to take action about their legitimate grievances .
Sánchez announced his intention to run for General Secretary of the party , as did Susana Díaz ( one of the leaders of the anti-Sánchez faction of the party ) , and Patxi López , former President of the Basque Autonomous Community .
Official federal government groups that have developed , being established by President Barack Obama , in relation to the Violence Against Women Act include the White House Council on Women and Girls and the White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault .
Kim called for restraint against the North Korea ns for detonating a nuclear weapon and defended the continued Sunshine Policy towards Pyongyang to defuse the crisis .
Senators John Button ( Labor ) , Don Chipp ( Australian Democrats ) , Gareth Evans ( Labor ) , David Hamer ( Liberal ) and Alan Missen ( Liberal ) were not up for re-election .
He was educated at St Faith 's School , Cambridge followed by Kingswood School , Bath .
In April 1917 , when Lenin passed through Stockholm on his journey from exile in Switzerland home to Petrograd , Ture Nerman was one of those who greeted Lenin and took care of him while there .
Armies who participated in the battle includes Negu Tekle Haymanot of Gojjam ' s Amhara infantry and cavalary ; Ras Mengesha Yohannes ' and Ras Alula ' s Tigrayan army ; Ras Makonnen Wolde Mikael ' s Harar army that included Amhara , Oromo and Gurage soldiers ; Fitawrari Tekle 's Wallaga Cavalary and infantry ; Wag-shum Gwangul 's Agaw and Amhara from Wag and Lasta ; and Ras Wolle Bitul 's Gondar army .
Fenner had previously served as governor on two other occasions as a member of the Democratic-Republican Party .
The is a diplomatic mission of Japan .
The Italian conquest of British Somaliland ( 3-19 August 1940 ) was part of the East African Campaign ( 1940-1941 ) , which took place in August 1940 between the Kingdom of Italy , Italian Eritrea and Somali forces of Fascist Italy and United Kingdom , Commonwealth and Somali irregulars .
After leaving full-time military service , Rose served as Director of Public Engagement for Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth P. Thompson .
England had experienced a period of peace after the reconquest of the Danelaw in the mid-10th century by King Edgar , Æthelred 's father .
State senator Lorenzo D. Whiting made the first speech supporting Logan as the Republican candidate .
At the end of February 1987 , the Queensland National Party decided to withdraw its twelve federal members of parliament from the Coalition , and demanded that federal National Party leader Ian Sinclair also withdraw because of " basic differences in taxation and other philosophies and policies " between the Liberal and National parties .
In 1843 a general meeting was held at Frankfurt-am-Main , where no fewer than twenty-nine branch associations ( " vereine " ) belonging to all parts of Germany except Bavaria and Austria were represented .
In the spring of 1927 the destroyer patrolled off bandit-plagued Nicaragua and the Honduras .
Democratic candidates won by large margins in the Southern states in every presidential election from the 1876 United States presidential election to 1948 United States presidential election except for 1928 United States presidential election , when the Democratic candidate was Al Smith , a Catholic New Yorker ; and even in that election , the divided South provided Smith with nearly three-fourths of his electoral votes .
Kehar Singh , an assistant in the Directorate General of Supply and Disposal , New Delhi , was tried and executed for conspiracy in the plot of the Indira Gandhi assassination , carried out by Satwant Singh and Beant Singh .
At the forefront was All India Muslim Personal Law Board , an organization formed in 1973 devoted to upholding what they saw as Muslim Personal Law .
In November 1793 , after the First French Republic had been proclaimed , he came to Paris and was thrown into prison for being the brother-in-law of Joseph Jérôme Siméon , the leader of the Federalists in Provence .
As a member of the Colombian Foreign Affairs Commission he contributed towards resolving the dispute over San Andrés y Providencia Islands in the Caribbean sea between Colombia and Nicaragua for territorial waters .
He was a member of the Federalist Party , and then the Democratic Party , who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as U.S. Senator from Delaware .
A Dutch physician and Neurobiologist , Professor Swaab is a professor of neurobiology at the University of Amsterdam , and was until 2005 Director of the Netherlands Institute for Brain Research ( Nederlands Instituut voor Hersenonderzoek ) of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences ( Koninklijke Neder-landse Akademie van Wetenschappen ) .
Popes Pius XI ( 1922-1939 ) and Pius XII ( 1939-1958 ) led the Catholic Church during the rise and fall of Nazi Germany .
The John Minor Wisdom U.S. Court of Appeals Building is a historic courthouse located at 600 Camp Street in New Orleans , Louisiana .
In passing the Acts of Supremacy in 1534 , the English Parliament confirmed the King 's supremacy over the Church in the Kingdom of England .
During testimony , they asserted their right under the US Constitution 's Fifth Amendment not to incriminate themselves when asked about their involvement in the Communist Party of the Soviet Union or their activities with its members .
The former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern had defended the flawed system in the Dáil , bemoaning the use of " " stupid old pencils " " .
The new ACT New Zealand also benefited , taking eight seats .
Sventorzetsky graduated from the Saint Petersburg State University in 1907 and worked as an official in General Governor ' s Office , but had to resign in 1914 at the request by Governor Franz Seyn .
Fritz Hollings was the last Democrat to represent South Carolina in the U.S. Senate .
For example , in winter 515 , the corrupt governor of Qi Province ( 岐州 , roughly modern Baoji , Shaanxi ) , Yuan Mi ( 元謐 ) the Prince of Zhao , provoked a popular uprising when he killed several people without reason , and while he was relieved from his post , as soon as he returned to the capital Luoyang , Empress Dowager Hu made him a minister because his wife was her niece .
She holds a Ph.D. in Instruction and Curriculum from the University of British Columbia and worked as the manager of international programs at Kwantlen Polytechnic University .
Micronations with representatives in attendance included the Empire of Atlantium , the Principality of Hutt River , the Principality of Wy and the Gay and Lesbian Kingdom of the Coral Sea Islands .Nick Squires ( 2010-05-04 ) .
The Beagle conflict was a border dispute between Chile and Argentina over the possession of Picton , Lennox and Nueva islands and the scope of the maritime jurisdiction associated with those islands that brought the countries to the brink of war in 1978 .
Croft was strongly opposed to the National Government 's Government of India Act 1935 , which granted further self-government to India , and joined Winston Churchill and the India Defence League in opposing the Act .
The CTP was led by Özker Özgür between 1976 and 1996 ; Özgür also served as Deputy prime minister in the aftermath of the 1993 legislative election .
In the Yom Kippur War in 1973 , Katz served in a group of twelve reservists under the command of Amatzia Chen who carried out operations within the division of Ariel Sharon .
M23 commander Sultani Makenga , who is also allegedly one of the rebels ' main recruiters of child soldier s according to the U.N. Group of Experts on Congo , is at the center of the conflict gold efforts .
It was the first time that these two parties were in government together ; on each previous occasion Labour was in government , it was a junior coalition party with Fine Gael .
Before the granting of responsible government and the emergence of the position of premier , the provincial secretary was the leading position in the executive councils appointed by the various governor s and lieutenant-governor s of British North America .
Hanging behind him were pictures of John Wayne and the U.S. space shuttle , both with strong links to Orange County , California , where the episodes were taped .
David M. Lampton ( born 1946 ) is George and Sadie Hyman Professor and Director of China Studies at the Johns Hopkins Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies ( SAIS ) and Chairman of The Asia Foundation .David Michael Lampton bio at The Asia Foundation He was president of the National Committee on United States-China Relations from 1988-1997 .
He worked as a dairy farmer and community banker before serving as chairman of the Colorado Republican Party from 1999 to 2002 .
From July 8 , 1947 , until October 1 , 1994 , the United States administered the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands , but the Trust ceased to exist when the last member state of Palau gained its independence to become the Republic of Palau .
Christensen applied to join the Royal New Zealand Air Force as a pilot on 19 June 1940 and on 14 June 1941 he was called up for flying training which he did at New Plymouth flying De Havilland Tiger Moth aircraft .
Ahtisaari twice worked to find a solution in Kosovo - first in 1999 and again between 2005 and 2007 .
Benegas was born in Caracas , Venezuela , in 1951 .
In the United Kingdom , among other actions , 110 Members of Parliament wrote an open letter to the U.S. Attorney General in support of the Five .
" Rod Dreher ( June 5 , 2006 ) "
After a negative response from test audiences , they gave the role to Hardison and recast O 'Bryan as a supporting character , along with Randy J. Goodwin and Tangie Ambrose .
In the 2013 gubernatorial election , Republican Chris Christie received 64.8 % of the vote ( 458 cast ) , ahead of Democrat Barbara Buono with 34.1 % ( 241 votes ) , and other candidates with 1.1 % ( 8 votes ) , among the 719 ballots cast by the borough 's 1,749 registered voters ( 12 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 41.1 % .
The First White House of the Confederacy was the executive residence of President Jefferson Davis and family while the capital of the Confederate States of America was in Montgomery , Alabama .
Coalition Montréal was left with only one remaining elected official , Montreal 's longest-serving city councillor Marvin Rotrand .
In June 2005 , the PARTEI joined forces with the Anarchist Pogo Party in an alliance called " Zweckbündnis " ( " marriage of convenience " ) for the 2005 German federal election .
In the following decade he worked interchangeably in the head office in New York City , and with conflict resolution in several African countries under the mandate of the organization .
Afrin , Jazira and Kobanî cantons were first established in January 2014 and were envisioned as sub-divisions for a " future decentralized system of federal governance in Syria .
Later that same year , a conference here decided Admiral David Farragut would command an assault on New Orleans .
Henry II then mounted a larger second invasion in 1171 to ensure his control over Strongbow , resulting in the Norman Lordship of Ireland .
Shortly after Pellerin was appointed Minister of Culture , the French magazine " L 'Express " reported that she vacationed at the Corsican villa owned by film producer Pascal Breton , raising ethics questions.Doreen Carvajal ( September 12 , 2014 ) , " .
Centred on the City of Coventry in Warwickshire , it returned two Members of Parliament ( MPs ) from 1295 until the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 , when its representation was reduced to one .
The close allies of Syria , Russia and European countries debated on the issue , where the claims were dismissed by Moscow and the Europeans called for accountability for government 's actions .
Incumbent attorney general and future governor , Christine Gregoire , was re-elected by a wide margin in a victory over Republican and perennial candidate Richard Pope .
Sarah Olney of the Liberal Democrats regained the seat in 2019 from Zac Goldsmith of the Conservative Party , who had won it in the 2017 General Election .
Initially a member of the New Zealand Labour Party , he joined the newly formed ACT New Zealand party under Roger Douglas in 1996 , becoming its leader from 1996-2004 .
He was a cousin of architect Hjalmar Welhaven as well as a brother-in-law of explorer and scientist Fridtjof Nansen and musician Thorvald Lammers .
There are two sets of teams , those in the Moroccan-controlled portion west of the berm and those in the Sahrawi-controlled region and refugee camps to the east and in Algeria .
Journalist Sidney Lubell found in his survey of voters after the 1948 United States presidential election that Democrat Harry Truman , not Republican Thomas E. Dewey , seemed the safer , more conservative candidate to the " new middle class " that had developed over the previous 20 years .
Later that year , Lin sent his brother Lin Yaoshi ( 林藥師 ) the Prince of Poyang to attack Tang 's Xun Prefecture ( 循州 , roughly modern Huizhou , Guangdong ) , and the Tang prefect Yang Lüe ( 楊略 ) defeated and killed Lin Yaoshi .
Thus , until the turn of the 20th century , the dominant forces of the French Left were composed of the Opportunist Republicans , who considered that the Republican regime could only be consolidated by successive phases .
The preliminary Winograd report released earlier this year laid most of the blame on Olmert for poorly planning , executing , and reviewing war strategies in the 2006 conflict against Hezbollah .
Key figures attending the Social Club included Nicholas Bonneville and Claude Fauchet , as well as Sylvain Maréchal , " Gracchus " Babeuf , Goupil de Préfeln , Camille Desmoulins , Bertrand Barère , and the Marquis de Condorcet .
The party had active members in other countries such as Mexico , Japan , China , Singapore , Thailand , Philippines , British Malaya , Indo-China and Eastern and Southern Africa .
The Donogh O 'Malley Cumann is the University College Cork branch of Ógra .
In this primary , Park Won-soon was elected as the single candidate for the pan-opposition bloc by defeating Park Young-sun of the Democratic Party and Choi Kyu-youp of the Democratic Labor Party .
Johnston served as president of Centennial College in Scarborough from 1998 until 2004 .
He is a trustee of New York Presbyterian Hospital , the Urban Land Institute , the NY Chapter of Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International , the Levin Institute and is a director of the Jackie Robinson Foundation and the World Resources Institute .
It was also sponsored by the Congressional Black Caucus .
He worked as a radio broadcaster for CKPR in Thunder Bay before leaving to pursue his first election campaign .
Tai Solarin , an educationist , mounted public podiums regularly to speak-out in defiance of what he strongly felt were the negative views of the Second Republic government .
Degrelle took refuge in Francoist Spain .
In this capacity , he has served as the parliament 's rapporteur on the EU 's agreement on the participation of Croatia in the European Economic Area .
She defeated the Republican nominee , businessman Walt Havenstein .
He obtained his education from Colonel Brown Cambridge School , Dehradun and did his Bachelor of Arts and Law degree from Allahabad University .
In 2010 , the Barzagas were members of Lakas Kampi supporting Gilbert Teodoro , who lost to Benigno S. Aquino III of the Liberal Party .
Under Defense Minister of Germany Gustav Noske , the party aided in putting down the Communist and left wing Spartacist uprising throughout Germany in early 1919 with the use of the Freikorps , a morally questionable decision that has remained the source of much controversy amongst historians to this day .
Oregier Benavente , Augusto Pinochet former personal helicopter pilot , has admitted that , many times , he threw prisoners into the ocean or into the high peaks of the Andes .
Newsweek magazine captured the press coverage of the 1992 New Hampshire primary by printing a cartoon with Clinton and Pat Buchanan , the runner-up who gave George H. W. Bush a scare on the Republican side , with second place medals on top of a victory stand while Bush and Tsongas stood with gold medals off to the side pouting .
The Permanent Mission of Mexico to the United Nations and other International Organizations based in Switzerland is a diplomatic mission of Mexico to the United Nations , and other international organizations , based in Geneva .
Price , who stood down from the Pickstock constituency , had contested every prior general election since 1954 British Honduras general election , winning each time except 1984 Belizean general election .
The demonstrations were led by Gilbert R. Mason .
Williams returned to Federal service again during the Bill Clinton Administration when he served as a William C. Foster Visiting Scholar at the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency ACDA .
His eldest son , Malik Sultan Shah Lodi , later served under the Sayyid dynasty ruler Khizr Khan and distinguished himself by killing in the battle later 's worst enemy Mallu Iqbal Khan .
On May 13 , 2006 , after Jason Leopold posted on Truthout that Karl Rove had been indicted by the grand jury investigating the Plame affair , Rove spokesman Mark Corallo denied the story , calling it " a complete fabrication .
In 1933 , Riefenstahl appeared in the U.S.-German co-productions of the Arnold Fanck -directed , German-language " SOS Eisberg " and the Tay Garnett -directed , English-language " S.O.S. Iceberg " .
On February 13 , 2006 the " Western Standard " attracted controversy when it became the first widely published English Canadian media outlet to republish the cartoons of Muhammad first published by the Denmark newspaper " Jyllands-Posten " .
In February 2012 , Republican Congressman Darrell Issa convened an all-male panel addressing religious freedom and contraceptive mandate s for health insurers .
Catsimatidis put on a fundraiser in 2006 with Michael Bloomberg for Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut to support his third party run as an independent after he lost the Democratic primary nomination for reelection to the Senate.Jill Gardiner , ( September 18 , 2006 ) , " New York Sun " .
Former Republican Gov. John Ashcroft defeated his Democratic opponent , six-term Rep. Alan Wheat by more than twenty points .
This " mansa " drove the Tuareg out of Timbuktu and established it as a center of learning and commerce .
At the time of the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy in November 1963 , Salinger was on a plane flying to Tokyo with six Cabinet members , including Secretary of State Dean Rusk .
Before the Soviet liberation of Czechoslovakia in 1945 , Edvard Beneš , the Czechoslovak leader , agreed to Soviet leader Joseph Stalin ' s demands for unconditional agreement with Soviet foreign policy and the Beneš decrees .
After the formation of a grand coalition between the Christian Democratic Union of Germany under Chancellor Angela Merkel and the SPD in the wake of the 2017 federal election , Giffey was appointed member of the fourth Merkel cabinet in March 2018 , serving as Federal Minister of Family Affairs , Senior Citizens , Women and Youth .
Both the 1934 Act and the 1937 Act were influenced by American housing reformers of the period , with Catherine Bauer Wurster chief among them .
Starting from 1858 the line connecting Saint Petersburg and Warsaw was being built .
His accusations against the latter led to the impeachment of Warren Hastings and Elijah Impey by Parliament .
Defence issues became increasingly dominant in public affairs with the rise of fascism in Europe and Empire of Japan in Asia .
According to Gordon Luce reconstruction , the millennium-old Pyu realm came crashing down under repeated attacks by the Nanzhao Kingdom of Yunnan between the 750s and 830s CE .
There he sat with the Popular Republican Movement , or MRP , and other Christian democratic parties in France .
On 13 June 1940 an Italian air raid took place on the base of 237 ( Rhodesia ) Squadron RAF at Wajir in Kenya Colony and continued until Italian forces had been pushed back from Kenya and Sudan , through Somaliland , Eritrea and Ethiopia in 1940 and early 1941 .
They married in 1948 and settled in Chungking ( now Chongqing ) and two sons were born to them there , before the Communist Party of China advance forced them out of China and they went to work in Japan in 1952 .
In 1988 , vanden Heuvel married Stephen F. Cohen , a writer on the Soviet Union and a professor of Russian Studies at Princeton University and later New York University .ref name = NYTstaff881205 /
The result of the election was the return of the Labor Party ( ALP ) government of Premier Peter Beattie , with an increased majority .
On December 13 , 2013 , Hyer announced that he would join the Green Party of Canada , doubling the number of members the party has in the House of Commons by joining the leader of the party , Elizabeth May .
When the Liberals returned to Government in 1996 Australian federal election , Prime Minister John Howard appointed Bishop a minister in junior portfolios .
The incumbent Labor Party , led by Jon Stanhope , was challenged by the Liberal Party , led by Zed Seselja .
However , he managed to scape in 1952 and fled to Honduras .
The book is the result of eighteen months of reporting from Khartoum , Cairo , Frankfurt , Hamburg , London , Paris , and Washington , D.C. .
He met with Chiang Kai-shek and attempted to persuade him of Britain 's support .
In January 1998 , some legislators opposed to Klaus , led by Jan Ruml and Ivan Pilip , left the party in the so-called ' Sarajevo Assassination ' and formed the Freedom Union ( US ) .
Virginia was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by an 8.2 % margin of victory .
He held the seat until ill health forced him to retire shortly before the 1802 United Kingdom general election .
The Civil War Trust , a division of the American Battlefield Trust , and its partners have acquired and preserved 56 acres of the battlefield .
On his return to Texas , Lubbock continued to pursue business interests in Houston and Galveston .
For the first weeks , the Sejm was occupied by the death of Samuel Zborowski , and arguments between the Zborowski family and Jan Zamoyski .
Martin Zeil ( born 28 April 1956 in Munich ) is a Germany lawyer and politician of the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
A witness in Homs , who asked not to be named , said the casualties were caused by rocket-propelled grenades fired during a pro-Assad rally , while according to a journalist who was quoted by CNN Nic Robertson , with Jacquier in Homs , said that the attack was carried out by mortar .
Casey was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in the 2006 Nova Scotia general election held that June .
Mail was handled between Cúcuta and the golf of Maracaibo in Venezuela , which at the time had a permanent marine communication with Europe and North America .
This dahir recognized that independence , and formalized the French policy in Morocco under the governance of the Resident-General Hubert Lyautey who signed the dahir of September 11 , 1914 .
Boernstein became an early supporter of the newly founded Republican Party , and he dramatized the fact that John Frémont was not on the ballot in Missouri in 1856 by having his followers vote for the Know-Nothing presidential candidate Millard Fillmore " under protest , " Boernstein , Memoirs , 213. since the nativist position was incidentally in tune with his hostility to Catholicism .
In December 2008 , under the command of LTC Kimo Gallahue and as part of NATO ' s International Security Assistance Force , the battalion again deployed to Afghanistan , this time taking control of the embattled Wardak Provence .
The Green Party of England and Wales won its highest-ever share of the vote with 3.8 % , and retained its only seat .
During the Indian independence movement , several Muslim organizations played a key role in nonviolent resistance against British imperialism , including Khān Abdul Ghaffār Khān and his followers , as well as the All-India Muslim League led by Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
It was founded in 1930 as the Communist Party of Colombia , at which point it was the Colombian section of the Communist International , and changed its name in 1991 .
From 1938 to 1940 , Nathan Gregory Silvermaster was a staff member : he ran the Silvermaster Group under Soviet spy Elizabeth Bentley .
An 1183 CE Mahoba inscription states that the lord of Tripuri fainted whenever he heard the songs about Paramardi 's bravery .
At the third Ahdut HaAvoda congress in 1924 at Ein Harod , Ben-Gurion defeated proposals put forward by Shlomo Kaplansky that a parliament be set up in Mandate Palestine .
In addition to his clashes with Catargiu , Dobrescu found himself competing with the left-wing factions of the National Liberal Party , respectively led by the Spiru Haret and Nicolae Fleva .
The League of Nations did not work , partially due to the refusal of the United States to join , as well as to the fact that , in practice , nations did not always find it " in the national interest " to deter each other from the use of force .
Erik raised an army and sailed to Estonia to secure his base there in 1249 .
112 : " Tyler 's furtive negotiations with the Texans ... " on the annexation treaty. with Texas minister to the United States Isaac Van Zandt , beginning on October 16 , 1843.Freehling , 1991 , p .
Kelly stated that drafting the enabling bill would begin when the committee had consulted and reported back to him , that he expected the bill to be enacted by the end of 2015 , that the commission would not be established before the 2016 Irish general election , and that functions should be assigned to it on a phased basis .
José Ortega y Gasset ( ; 9 May 1883 - 18 October 1955 ) was a Spain philosopher and essayist .
" Karnow " Vietnam " p.591 The plans for the bombing was opposed by the Defense Secretary Melvin Laird who doubted the bombings could be kept secret and feared the reaction of Congress and public opinion ; by the Secretary of State William P. Rogers who feared the bombings would derail the peace talks in Paris ; and by the National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger who feared that Nixon was acting rashly ; none made any moral objections to the bombings.Karnow " Vietnam " p.591
1090 by Norman ruler Robert Fitzhamon , lord of Gloucester , who established a lordship based in Cardiff and subsequently conquered the lowlands of Glamorgan ( the Vale of Glamorgan ) , which was parcelled out to his followers .
On 13 November 2017 , Bakhtadze was appointed Minister of Finance in the second cabinet of Giorgi Kvirikashvili .
Clements resigned as editor in 1982 to become a political adviser to Foot ( by now Labour leader ) , a role he continued under Foot 's successor as Labour leader , Neil Kinnock .
The Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union , a coalition of opposition activists , said at least six were killed throughout the day in the camp near Latakia .
On 14 August , after a rancorous all-night debate , the Hellenic Parliament backed the country 's new bailout deal , although more than 40 MPs from Syriza either voted against the deal or abstained , and Tsipras had to rely on the support of three opposition parties : New Democracy , To Potami and PASOK .
The license was written by Oxblood Ruffin ( of Hacktivismo and Cult of the Dead Cow ) and Eric Grimm , an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
The press frequently reports that Henry Fok had introduced Tung Chee Hwa to Jiang Zemin as a possible candidate of the first Hong Kong Chief Executive .
It then moved to Toronto ( 1849-1852 ) .
The group is one of a number of related Hezbollah terrorist organizations operating in Saudi Arabia , Lebanon , Kuwait and Bahrain , among other places , and was outlawed in Saudi Arabia .
His mother came from a notable Slovene left wing intellectual family : her brother was the writer Lojz Kraigher , and Ivo Brnčić 's cousins were the Communist politicians Boris Kraigher and Sergej Kraigher .
Khan supported a nationalistic reunification of the Pakistani Pashtun people with Afghanistan , but this would have involved taking a considerable amount of territory from the new nation of Pakistan and was in direct opposition to an older plan of the 1940s whereby a confederation between the two countries was proposed .
Although slighted by opponents as favouring " Palerail , " a reference to their theory that higher ridership Dublin services should be expedited , some of the principals actually hail from areas such as Clonmel and Templemore , previous committee members have hailed from Limerick and Sligo and claim more experience of the more rural parts of the network than those who actually live there .
On September 28 , 1919 , the programme was approved by a Bohemia n party conference in Prague .
During her time in cabinet she was replaced in the Norwegian Parliament by Gunnar Mjånes and , briefly , Magne Haldorsen .
Sima Zhong was born to Sima Yan and his wife Yang Yan in 259 AD , while Sima Yan was still the assistant to his father , the Cao Wei regent Sima Zhao .
The government alliance , unified as the National Christian Party , gave itself a blue-shirted paramilitary corps that borrowed heavily from the Legion - the " Lăncieri " Veiga , p.224 - and initiated an official campaign of persecution of Jews , attempting to win back the interest the public had in the Iron Guard .
He was elected to the Parliament of Norway from Oslo in 1953 Norwegian parliamentary election , and was re-elected on three occasions in 1957 Norwegian parliamentary election , 1965 Norwegian parliamentary election and 1969 Norwegian parliamentary election .
In addition to maintaining a permanent U.S. naval presence in the Gulf , providing funds for Middle East development , and instituting safeguards against the spread of unconventional weapons , Michael Oren notes " The centerpiece of his program , however , was the achievement of an Arab-Israeli treaty based on the territory-for-peace principle and the fulfillment of Palestinian rights .
From 1987 to 1988 he worked as a visiting researcher at the Center for Byzantine and Modern Greek Studies , Queens College , City University of New York , and as a visiting scholar from 1992 to 1993 at the Center for European Studies , Harvard University .
In the 1966 Georgia gubernatorial election , Callaway outpolled Democrat Lester Maddox , but did not get a majority , and the state legislature elected Maddox.Billy Hathorn , " The Frustration of Opportunity : Georgia Republicans and the Election of 1966 , " " Atlanta History : A Journal of Georgia and the South " , XXXI ( Winter 1987-1988 ) , pp. 42 , 47
Their urns were reburied at the Petrašiūnai Cemetery in Kaunas on 18 July 1996 .
( The title of " governor " had been used during the Colonial era , although it referred to the appointed representative of the monarch or the William Penn , rather than to an elected official .
Three senators , William Doody , Norman Atkins , and Lowell Murray , declined to join the new party and continued to sit in the upper house as a rump caucus of Progressive Conservatives .
Wooldridge attended Scotch College , Melbourne before attending Monash University ' s medical school , from where he graduated in 1981 .
Kaur 's brother Tej Parkash Singh was a minister in the Punjab government and her father Beant Singh was the Chief Minister of Punjab from 1992-1995 .
He worked as an employee of a telegraph company in Paris until his death in 1925 .
The party was not affiliated with the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada .
The Shan Nationalities League for Democracy , a Shan political party that came second in the 1990 election , is participating in the election as the Shan Nationalities Democratic Party .
In November 2010 , Alianza por el Gran Cambio ( Alliance for the Great Change ) launched the candidacy of the former prime minister Pedro Pablo Kuczynski .
In 2016 United States presidential election in Utah the ticket received 21.5 % of the vote , and in 2016 United States presidential election in Idaho the ticket received 6.7 % of the vote .
In a ceremony on 8 August 2012 , the National Transitional Council formally transferred power to the General National Congress .
The Abdallah Azzam Brigades was formed by the Saudi national Saleh Al-Qaraawi in 2009 as an offshoot of al-Qaeda in Iraq , and was tasked with hitting targets in the Levant and throughout the Middle East .
Gravelle is a retired machinist and union organizer at Inco ' s mining operations in Greater Sudbury , where he was a member of the United Steelworkers union .
It gave a voice to " conservatives of the heart , " particularly in Germany , who had detested Adolf Hitler ' s regime yet agreed with the right on many issues .
Senate President pro tempore Orrin Hatch were the designated survivor s for the 2016 address .
He was assisted by Harold Tyler , a Chicago lawyer , and by Lieutenant .
Palast picks up the story with Bush 's 2000 US Presidential Election campaign where he claims Florida Governor Jeb Bush and Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris used their influence to purge and discount the ballots of predominantly Gore-supporting black voters through the " fake felons list " compiled by private company .
The protagonists are Pierre Trudeau , Robert Bourassa , René Levesque , Jean Drapeau , Tommy Douglas and others .
In 2003 , after James Traficant was expelled from Congress , several Congressmen tried passing a bill that would prevent expelled members from receiving their pensions .
Sponsored by the United Kingdom , the 1828 Treaty of Montevideo built the foundations for a Uruguayan state and constitution .
Later that winter , the Emperor abdicated in favor of Cao Pi , who established the state of Cao Wei to replace the Han dynasty .
Until August 2011 , Le Roy served as Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations at the United Nations .
Frederick Shedden , the Permanent Secretary of the Department of Defence , served as secretary of the War Cabinet ,
The building is named after George W. Romney , the 43rd Governor and father of Mitt Romney .
Mauritius has a high commission in Kuala Lumpur , while Malaysia embassy in Harare , Zimbabwe also accredited to Mauritius .
In 1957 producer Charles Parker asked MacColl to collaborate in the creation of a feature programme about the heroic death of train driver John Axon .
The General Conference of the South African Republic GKSA on March 16-17 , 1896 in Heidelberg authorized the secession of Krugersdorp and Johannesburg congregations from the Rustenburg Reformed Church ( GKSA ) .
Dieter Nohlen & amp ; Philip Stöver ( 2010 ) " Elections in Europe : A data handbook " , pp335-339
Working with other radicals such as Karl Hess and Ronald Radosh , Rothbard argued that the consensus view of American economic history , according to which a beneficent government has used its power to counter corporate predation , is fundamentally flawed .
The younger son of Dr Henry Howe Bemrose , of Derby , and the grandson of Sir Henry Howe Bemrose ( 1827-1911 ) , who in the 1890s had been member of parliament for Derby , Bemrose was educated at Derby School , Brighton College ; and Clare College , Cambridge , where he graduated BA and MA in the school of Economics .
Eleven ministers were selected by Michel Aoun ' s Change and Reform bloc , giving him alone veto power , along with one merge minister backed by both Aoun 's political party and Michel Suleiman ' s presidential power .
The same week Pierre Péan published a complete history of the story in the satirical magazine " Le Canard Enchaîné " , apparently tipped off by government insiders .
By these actions , he effectively renounced his hitherto unclaimed hereditary chieftaincy , as the constitutional monarchs of modern Botswana are legally barred from actively taking part in party politics .
The party was founded on 2 October 1993 in Debrecen by gardener Sándor Cseh , who was replaced as vice-president and expelled from FKGP on 11 June 1992 , following a failed coup attempt against party leader József Torgyán .
Nelson was thought to be in danger of losing his seat in 2006 United States Senate elections , as it was thought his successor as governor , Mike Johanns , was almost certain to run against him ; however , that speculation ended when Johanns was appointed U.S. Secretary of Agriculture .
Golikova is married to Viktor Khristenko , the former Minister of Industry and Trade .
He was challenged by Democratic nominee Ethan Berkowitz and Alaskan Independence candidate Don Wright .
She is a Ontario Liberal Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario who was first elected in a by-election on August 1 , 2013 and later re-elected in the elections of 2014 and 2018 .
Riitta Leena Mäkinen is a Finnish politician currently serving in the Parliament of Finland for the Social Democratic Party of Finland at the Central Finland constituency .
The United Kingdom Monarch , although not in Holy Orders , is anointed with the oil of Chrism and invested with a stole during the Coronation rite .
Ahmadinejad has sought to develop ties with other world leaders that are also opposed to U.S. foreign policy and influence like Hugo Chavez of Venezuela .
In 1945 , immediately after World War II , new land reform started with the Third Czechoslovak Republic .
Labour Senators John Croft , Hugh de Largie and George Henderson were not up for re-election .
It was based in Boston ' s South End and run as a egalitarian collective with decision-making equally shared .
Hans Christian Petersen ( 11 August 1793 - 26 September 1862 ) was a Norwegian politician and served as the " de facto " Prime minister of Norway during the personal union of Sweden-Norway from 1858 to 1861 .
The liveries of the House of Tudor were white and green ; those of the House of Stuart - and of George I - were yellow and red .
In the 2007 Ontario general election , McGarry vied as the Ontario Liberal Party candidate in the riding of Cambridge .
In 2005 , Schale left the legislature to take over the political operations of the State House Democratic Caucus , where under his leadership and working with former state senator Dan Gelber , the Democrats had their best two-year election cycle in history , picking up nine districts previously held by Republicans , for which Schale was called the " newest star of the Florida Democratic Party " by the St. Petersburg Times , and " Wunderkind " by the National Journal .
In the melee , 14 year old student of Kohima English School ( Now known as Mezhür Higher Secondary School ) Vikhozo Yhoshü of Kigwema Village and 19 year old student of Baptist English School Kekuojalie Sachü of Kohima were shot and killed .
Of the three Republican African American gubernatorial candidates in 2006 , all three of them lost ; Ken Blackwell lost in Ohio , and Randy Daniels lost in New York .
It is sung to the tune of " Ein Schifflein Sah Ich Fahren , " a German military march , and was harmonized by Daniel Auber .Précision musicale donnée par Robert Brécy , " Florilège de la chanson révolutionnaire de 1789 au front populaire " , Les Éditions Ouvrières , Paris 1990 , page 37 .
The incident occurred at around 11.35 a.m close to Kathiraveli , a coastal village in Vaharai peninsula of the Batticaloa district in eastern Sri Lanka .
Rohrabacher worked to bring attention to the systemic corruption in the Karzai government and cut U.S. taxpayers ' funding for these wasteful projects and programs , involving corruption within the Hamid Karzai government .
The emir of Kars requested aid from the Akhlatshahs , but the latter was unable to respond , it was taken over by the Ayyubid dynasty In 1207 .
Osvaldo Aranha was born in Brazil in the city of Alegrete in the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
A new party Democratic Renewal reflected the organization of Costis Stephanopoulos who had left New Democracy and came in fourth , barely crossing the threshold .
He represented the 24th State Senate district , which encompasses Downtown and East Los Angeles , from 2014 until 2018 ; that year , De León ran an unsuccessful campaign against California 's senior U.S. Senator , Dianne Feinstein .
Of these 4596 NOOs , 1147 were active in the Zagreb area , 703 in Dalmatia , 699 in Slavonia , 491 in Istria , 318 in Kordun , 278 in Lika , 266 in the Croatian Littoral , 247 in Banovina , 183 in Gorski Kotar , 178 in Pokuplje , and 86 in the Karlovac area.Tuđman , Franjo .
In February 1807 , British reinforcements of about 8,000 men under Gen. Sir Samuel Auchmuty captured Montevideo after a fierce fight .
In between he consulted in Public Health with the World Bank , Inter-American Development Bank , The Rockefeller Foundation , USAID , WHO and PAHO , among other institutions .
In the race for United States Senator from Maryland , black Republican candidate Michael Steele lost by a wider margin than predicted by late polls .
" Bakiyev will remain President and Felix Kulov will remain Prime Minister until 2010 because Bakiyev signed the Constitution .
This included cosponsoring a bill ( S.658 ) sponsored by Senator Sam Brownback , which would ban all forms of human cloning including embryonic therapeutic cloning techniques that are seen as crucial to stem cell research .
In Sweden he studied at Uppsala University for a medical degree and between 1990-1995 practised as a doctor.Some details of Zaini Abdullah 's close links with GAM and Hasan di Tiro in Sweden can be found in Antje Missbach ( 2012 ) , " Separatist Conflict in Indonesia : The long-distance politics of the Acehnese disapora " , London : Routledge .
The church was constructed based on the plans of the Jesuit Valentin Scherzer and was raised by constructor Konrad Hammer from Cluj-Napoca .
Republican Steve King of Kiron , a two-term incumbent , faced Democratic nominee Joyce Schulte of Creston .
His brother , Peter Muhlenberg , was a General in the Continental Army and his brother Gotthilf Heinrich Ernst was a botanist.Minardi , Lisa .
Adam Stankievič was one of the founders of the Belarusian Christian Democratic Union and the Belarusian Christian Democracy .
In 2005 the Taoiseach , Bertie Ahern , proposed that Northern Ireland MPs should be able to address a committee of the whole Dáil .
Cedro is a municipality in the state of Ceará in the Northeast region of Brazil .
In 1958 , after the French Fourth Republic began to consider granting independence to most of its African colonies , nationalist leader Barthélemy Boganda met with Prime Minister Charles de Gaulle to discuss terms for the independence of Oubangui-Chari , a French colonial territory which later became the Central African Republic ( CAR ) ..
Levi Lincoln Jr , and a younger son Enoch Lincoln both followed their father into politics : Levi Jr. became one of the longest-serving governors of Massachusetts , and Enoch was Governor of Maine .Amory , p .
In the 2009 European Parliament election LN won 0.7 % in the region .
In 1988 , rubber tapper , unionist and environmental activist Chico Mendes , a member of the PT and an icon of the struggle for preservation of the Amazon Rainforest was assassinated in his house in Xapuri , Acre .
The 1810 and 1811 United States House of Representatives elections produced many young , anti-British members of Congress who , like Clay , supported going to war with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
She moved to Auckland in 1996 to attend the Auckland College of Education and University of Auckland where she attained a Diploma Teaching ( Primary ) , and a Bachelor of Education respectively .
Li is a member of the Communist Party of China .
Many of the states ' rights Democrats were attracted to the 1964 United States presidential election of conservative Republican Senator Barry Goldwater of Arizona .
The constituency succeeded the former constituency of Leek at the 1983 United Kingdom general election .
Also , a regional gathering of political sciences students called " Politijada " is being held every year with students from Serbia , Montenegro , Bosnia and Herzegovina , North Macedonia and Slovenia taking part .
Mr. Muhib Ullah Khan was appointed as Minister of Agriculture by Chief Minister of KP Mahmood Khan on 30 August 2018 .
After attending school in Tashi Namgyal Academy , at his birthplace Sikkim , India , Karma Paljor headed for graduation from Bangalore University and then post-graduation diploma from Xavier Institute of Communication , Mumbai .
Democrats Michael Dukakis and John Kerry were elected Governor and Lieutenant Governor , respectively , over Republican candidates John W. Sears and Leon Lombardi .
The Celtic League is a pan-Celtic organisation , founded in 1961 , that aims to promote modern Celtic identity and culture in Ireland , Scotland , Wales , Brittany , Cornwall and the Isle of Man - referred to as the Celtic nations ; it places particular emphasis on promoting the Celtic languages of those nations .
Young lost his seat in 1981 New Zealand general election , and was then appointed on the recommendation of Prime Minister Robert Muldoon to the post of New Zealand High Commissioner to Great Britain , and Nigeria , and Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland .
8 Progressive Robert M. La Follette would receive over 17 % of Ohio 's vote , close to his national average but his best state east of the Mississippi and Illinois River s.Hough , Jerry F. ; " Changing Party Coalitions : The Mystery of the Red State-Blue State Alignment " , p .
The river later becomes known as the Mountain Nile when its course enters South Sudan .
( ec x4 ) : : : No , I guess he 's adding names in Telugu for the India Wiki , given the name .
In 1993 , Kim Young-sam was elected president , becoming the first civilian president in 30 years .
The Muirheads adopted the Australian flag , the Scottish Flag , the Australian Aboriginal Flag and the United Nations Flag as the symbol of their principality during the secession .
A loyal supporter of Parnell , Redmond - like Davitt - was deeply opposed to the use of physical force and was committed to political change by constitutional means , O 'Riordan , Tomás : University College Cork as an interim form of All-Ireland self-government within the United Kingdom .
It was on precisely these grounds that he rejected the first prize in African poetry awarded to him at the 1966 World Festival of Negro Arts in Dakar , while declaring that there is no such thing as a Negro or black poet .
It included parts of present-day Slovakia , Hungary , and Ukraine .
In the lead-up to the 2005 German federal election , as a reaction to Schröder 's Agenda 2010 reforms , Lafontaine joined the newly-founded left-wing party Labour and Social Justice - The Electoral Alternative .
The rally was organised by Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions , which stated around 2000 attended , while Police stated 730 attended .
The Kilusang Diwa ng Taguig is a local regional political party in Taguig City , Philippines .
He studied in the United States at Georgetown University , where he received a doctorate in Middle East and Asian studies in 1975 .
Butler arrived in India in 1880 , first staying in Jabalpur then traveling to Bhagalpur , where she remained for four and a half years .
However , the conservatives won the 1848 French Constituent Assembly election , the first election by universal suffrage .
Ward left Galway to continue his medical studies at Dr Steevens ' Hospital in Dublin , under the auspices of the Catholic University of Ireland .
He was appointed consul general in Havana in May , 1902 , and in British Hong Kong , then a British crown colony , in September , 1902 , serving from 1903 to 1906 .
Some moderns follow the " optimate " view that it was a nefarious role that Caesar played in the fall of the Roman Republic , whose ruling array of institutions had not yet outlived their usefulness.Cf. , Erich S. Gruen , " The Last Generation of the Roman Republic " ( University of California 1974 , 1995 ) at 498-507 .
The first central committee for the settlement was established by a convention of " Unions for the Agricultural Settlement of Israel " ( Focsani Congress ) held on January 11 , 1882 , in Romania .
This constituency was created when the old New Forest constituency was divided for the 1997 United Kingdom general election since its creation results suggest a Conservative safe seat .
Despite being managed by Simon Napier-Bell ( who had steered Wham ! to prominence ) , the public didn 't take to his change in direction .
The new document named China and Russia as " revisionist powers " while removing " climate change " as a national threat .
When longtime Brandon East MLA Leonard Evans announced his retirement in 1999 , Caldwell defeated Ross Martin and Susan Ferron to win the riding 's NDP nomination .
Frederick the Great , who treated Poles with contempt and called them ' slovenly Polish trash ' , settled around 300,000 colonists in the eastern provinces of Prussia and aimed at a removal of the Polish nobility .
However , in June 1978 Napley telephoned Carman to tell him that the former leader of the Liberal Party ( UK ) , Jeremy Thorpe , was probably going to be committed for trial on charges of conspiracy to murder and that he was going to retain him .
He was suspended on 20 March for violent language addressed to Joseph Chamberlain .
The host of the Sheriff 's Medieval Banquets at the National Justice Museum in Nottingham introduces himself by this title rather than the more conventional Sheriff of Nottingham but , rather than identify with a particular historical Sheriff , gives his name as Adam de Greenwood , a play on the actor 's own name .
The Western Australian state division of the Australian Labor Party was formed at a Trade Union Congress in Coolgardie in 1899 .
The Embassy of the Czech Republic in Ottawa is the Czech Republic ' s embassy in Canada .
He is a graduate of the College of Europe .
Willkie , a dark horse candidate , defeated conservative Senator Robert A. Taft and prosecutor Thomas E. Dewey on the sixth presidential ballot of the 1940 Republican National Convention .
The series was conservative and critical of Higher Criticism but also broad in its approach , and the scholars who contributed articles included several Presbyterian moderates who would later be opposed to " fundamentalism " such as Charles R. Erdman , Sr. and Robert Elliott Speer .
In the 2015 general election resulted in a victory for the People 's National Movement , which won 23 of the 41 seats led by Keith Rowley .
He would later proceed to East & amp ; Southern Africa Management Institute ( ESAMI ) - TRAPCA Program , Tanzania to do a postgraduate diploma in management and government .
Pantalone was endorsed by many left-wing politicians such as Jack Layton , the leader of Federal New Democratic Party , Stephen Lewis and Ed Broadbent .
The seat has been won by the Conservative candidate since its creation in 1997 , on a majority ranging between 1.7 % of the votes cast in the 2001 United Kingdom general election and 38.2 % in the 2019 United Kingdom general election .
The Constitution defines the Bhutan as a democratic constitutional monarchy belonging to the people of the Kingdom .
Incumbent Republican Governor Doug Ducey , is not eligible to run for re-election due to term limits established by the Arizona Constitution .
The last county to vote for a Republican presidential candidate was Napa County in 1988 for George H. W. Bush .
The constitution of Jamaica establishes the freedom of religion and outlaws religious discrimination .
In 1934 he began working for the Jewish Agency , and in 1938 became a member of the Secretariat of the Jerusalem Branch of Mapai , and in 1943 was made the Secretary .
Party dissolved in same year after failed to gain any seats in the 1925 Czechoslovak parliamentary election .Politické strany , 1861-1938 .
On its anniversary , 19 April 1960 , OPO reconstituted itself as the South West Africa People 's Organisation ( SWAPO ) in New York , Sam Nujoma was reconfirmed President of the new organisation .
When Joseph Stalin returned to the capital , he reversed Molotov 's line ;
Italy annexed Ethiopia on May 7 and merged Ethiopia , Eritrea , and Somaliland into a single colony known as Italian East Africa .
Slayden was also active in the peace movement and , in 1910 , was appointed by Andrew Carnegie , an industrialist and philanthropist , as one of the original trustees of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace .
His plans ran counter to those of Gen. Emiliano Chamorro Vargas and the Granada Conservatives , who wanted to regain the leadership lost through the death of President Diego Manuel Chamorro .
Ikeda studied law at the University of Tokyo and graduated in March 1961 .
He also wanted NATO 's coverage to expand to include French Algeria , where France was waging a counter-insurgency and sought NATO assistance.Anand Menon , " France , NATO , and the limits of independence , 1981-97 " ( 2000 ) p 11 .
At the time , FORD-Kenya 's leadership included some of the top opposition leaders in Kenya , including lawyer James Orengo , economist Professor Peter Anyang ' Nyong 'o , Raila Odinga ( the son of Oginga Odinga ) , Oburu Odinga ( Raila 's elder brother ) , environmentalist , and , later on , Nobel laureate , Wangari Maathai , and many others .
In between her spells as a full-time politician she worked for the Nordic Council from 1978 to 1979 and 1983 to 1986 .
Pakistani troops began to move out of the city after 26 March , taking up positions at Demra to the east , Tongi to the north and Narayangaung to the south to block road access to the city .
It will link downtown Harrisburg with its eastern suburbs in Dauphin and Lebanon counties , including the areas of Hummelstown , Hershey and Lebanon , and the city of York in York County .
It lies on the left bank of the river Olt ( at the mouth of the Avrig River ) , close to the Făgăraș Mountains , at about from Sibiu on the road towards Brașov .
Ennarea , also known as E ( n ) narya or In ( n ) arya ( Gonga : Hinnario ) , was a kingdom in the Gibe region in what is now western Ethiopia .
In June 1992 , Rollins agreed to serve as co-manager ( with Carter Democrat Hamilton Jordan ) of Ross Perot ' s 1992 United States presidential election .
After Gordon Brown was named as Tony Blair successor , B 'Stard 's final column implied that , bored with the UK and unable to tolerate a Brown premiership , Alan would quit the country to take up a new position as Head of the World Bank , leaving the door open to a potential return .
The agreement was brokered by the African Union ( AU ) and was signed on by 44 of its 55 member states in Kigali , Rwanda on March 21 , 2018 .
The couple appeared on Edward R. Murrow ' s television-interview show " Person to Person " in 1956 , and in a 50-minute BBC television interview in 1970 .
Early in his career , Lemon reported as a weekend news anchor for WBRC in Birmingham , Alabama , and WCAU in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , as well as an anchor and investigative reporter for KTVI in St. Louis .
The Capitol was targeted in retaliation for recent U.S. military invasions of Grenada and Lebanon .
Before the creation of Hangul , people in Korea ( known as Joseon at the time ) primarily wrote using Classical Chinese alongside phonetic writing systems based on Chinese script that predated Hangul by hundreds of years , including idu , hyangchal , gugyeol , and gakpil .
Then they nominated on the second ballot Congressman Elbridge G. Lapham to succeed Conkling ( First ballot : Lapham 38 , Cornell 12 , Tremain 10 , Crowley 5 , James Wolcott Wadsworth 1 ; Second ballot : Most votes for Lapham , then some changes , then a re-call of the roll , and finally unanimously ) .
396 From 1690 until his death in 1711 , Đorđe Branković lived as a captive in Vienna and Cheb .
The party performed best in more affluent constituencies , with then-Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy missing out in his former constituency of East Renfrewshire by just 3,718 votes .
Upon finishing high school , he won a national scholarship to attend university in Poland where he obtained both his Doctor of Medicine degree in 1974 and Doctor of Science ( D.Sc. ) degree in Nephrology in 1978 from the Academy of Medicine in Wroclaw .
Wilson later earned Master 's degree s in education from Pepperdine University , psychology from the University of Northern Colorado , business management from Salve Regina College , National Security and Strategic Studies from Naval War College , and a Doctor of Education from The University of Southern California .
Messages recovered from Osama bin Laden ' s home after his death in 2011 , including one from then al Qaeda No. 3 , Atiyah Abd al-Rahman reportedly , according to the Agence France-Presse and " The Washington Post " , expressed frustration with the drone strikes in Pakistan .
With her brother , the journalist Folke Schimanski , and their Swedish mother , she arrived in Sweden in April 1945 as a refugee via White Buses .
In the party convention , conservative forces prevailed in securing the nomination for John W. Haigis .
Ideologically a Marxist , Davis was a member of the Communist Party USA until 1991 , after which she joined the breakaway Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism .
In January 1958 he was appointed Second Secretary of the Berlin region FDJ , becoming First Secretary from 1961 till 1968 .
Rodney Lee Davis ( born January 5 , 1970 ) is an United States Republican politician who has been the U.S. Representative for Illinois 's 13th congressional district since 2013 .
After initially staying with a shepherd after they arrived in Greece , they travelled to Tripoli .
He also sat on the state executive of the party until he resigned in 1972 , believing that the election of the Gough Whitlam Labor government marked the fulfilment of the DLP 's objective .
Reagan ran for a second time with incumbent Vice President and former C.I.A. Director George H. W. Bush of Texas , and Mondale ran with Representative Geraldine Ferraro of New York , the first major female candidate for the vice presidency .
After receiving his doctorate , he remained in Berlin as an assistant to Emil du Bois-Reymond ( 1818-1896 ) .
Goran Bregovich , the legendary Balkan musician from Serbia produced the song " Kray "
He spent his last months in parliament as Speaker of the House of Representatives , following the sudden resignation of Bob Halverson ; he is the only member of his party to have held the position .
In 1977 , Totenberg broke a story about the Supreme Court appeal of three men who had been convicted in the Watergate scandal : H.R. Haldeman , John N. Mitchell , and John D. Ehrlichman .
Among those who signed the petition were the writer Gerhart Hauptmann , painter Max Liebermann , Artur Mahraun , leader of the Young German Order , the industrialist Carl Duisberg , as well as the former ministers Otto Gessler and Gustav Noske .
These cities were : Birmingham , Bristol , Leeds , Liverpool , Manchester , Newcastle upon Tyne , Nottingham and Sheffield .
Another blow came in the form of high treason charges against Paraga and his associate Anto Đapić , who were stripped of their parliamentary immunity .
16 Germany political party during the Weimar Republic .
Alpha Oumar Konaré , fourth son of a Bambara teacher and a Fula homemaker , was born in Kayes , Mali , where he went to primary school .
Tuen Mun Community Network filled five candidates in the 2019 Hong Kong local elections , with Poon Chi-kin in Tsui Hing , Wong Tan-ching in Shan King , Law Cheuk-yung in King Hing , Tsang Chun-hing in Hing Tsak and Wong Tak-yuen in Leung King .
The county town is Kilkenny city .
No Democratic presidential nominee won the state since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 United States presidential election in Idaho .
It consists of five synod s : one in Zambia ( Zambia Synod ) , one in Zimbabwe ( Harare Synod ) and three in Malawi - Livingstonia Synod in the north of the country , Nkhoma Synod in the centre , and Blantyre Synod in the south .
During Yeltsin 's presidency ( 1991-1999 ) oligarchs became increasingly influential in Russian politics ; they played a significant role in financing the 1996 Russian presidential election .
After the election Edinburgh Corporation was composed of 35 Progressives , 33 Labour councillors , and 2 Liberal .
In 1992 , the LDPSS broke apart into its regional offsprings and the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia ( LDPR ) was created as its successor in Russia .
In return for granting the tax and assistance in the war against France , he demanded the Emperor Maximilian I establish a permanent government , with representation of the estates .
When entering into force in 1994 , the EEA parties were 17 states and two European Communities : the European Economic Community , which was later absorbed into the EU 's wider framework , and the now defunct European Coal and Steel Community .
Tom Shales ( 2003 ) .
When Juan Requesens was detained and humiliated , Caro made an impassioned speech in the National Assembly on 14 August 2018 , where he stripped to his underwear ( like Requesens had been in a prison video ) and said that a man 's dignity is not measured by his state of dress , as part of national underwear protests in solidarity with his fellow politician .
In the film " Boogie Man : The Lee Atwater Story " , Robert Novak reveals for the first time that Atwater personally tried , but failed , to get him ! -- didn 't succeed -- to spread these mental-health rumors .
Stone went on to direct the 1995 Richard Nixon biopic " Nixon " , which was nominated for Oscars for script , John Williams ' score , Joan Allen as Pat Nixon and Anthony Hopkins ' portrait of the title role .
The principal founders were Charles P. Trevelyan , a Liberal government minister who had resigned his post in opposition to the declaration of war , and Ramsay MacDonald who resigned as Chairman of the Labour Party when it supported the government 's war budget .
He managed Douglas Wilder successful 1989 gubernatorial campaign and served as chairman of the Democratic Party of Virginia from 1993-95 .
Nonetheless BYuT moved into second place with 22.27 % of the vote behind Party of Regions with 33 % and ahead of Our Ukraine with less than 14 % support .
She earned an Ed.D. from the Stanford Graduate School of Education in 1954 .
After his return to Poland , in 1599 the Riksdag of the Estates deposed him in Sweden , and Charles led the Swedish forces into Estonia .
Blaikie was seen as a representative of the party 's moderate left , fitting ideologically between the centrist Lorne Nystrom and the more left-wing Jack Layton .
While Li commanded the rebel army , Sun Yat-sen of the Revolutionary Alliance became the first provisional president in Nanjing on 1 January 1912 .
The premiere production was mounted by Prince 's company ZooNation , with Maria Omakinwa ( understudying for Genesis Lynea Pankhurst | Emmeline .
His life story was portrayed in the biopic " Blow " ( 2001 ) , starring Johnny Depp .
In 2015 , " The New York Times " reported that MoveOn.org and Democracy for America said they would support efforts to draft Elizabeth Warren into the 2016 US Presidential race.ref name = " NYT Warren Draft " { { cite news
In 2008 , he joined the Fox News Channel , as co-anchor of " Fox and Friends Weekend " , alongside Alisyn Camerota and Clayton Morris .
Adermann was born in Kingaroy , Queensland , son of Charles Adermann , and was educated at Brisbane Boys ' College .
The remainder of his term was served by John H. Bankhead .
According to the Song Dynasty historian Sima Guang , it was said that An was attempting to increase his own strength and planning a rebellion , and in 747 , he claimed to be building Fort Xiongwu ( 雄武城 ) and asked fellow military governor Wang Zhongsi to contribute troops , hoping to hold onto the troops that Wang would send and not return them .
In a critical 1977 article in " Mother Jones " , in which he labeled Ray as a " slightly wacky Miss Marple , " Ray Mungo described the increasingly madcap atmosphere in Washington :
They were released to the special envoys sent by the governments of Ivory Coast and Gabon and left Biafra .
Dantidurga managed to wrest control of the northern provinces of the Chalukyan kingdom , he also completely surrounded the Chalukya in the east and the south by conquering the Telugu provinces , Kalinga and Kosala kingdoms .
In the build-up to the April 2019 elections , the party agreed to run on a joint list with Tkuma , and later joined the Union of Right-Wing Parties ( URWP ) alliance alongside Otzma Yehudit .
In 1989 , Saudi Arabia along with the United States helped to mediate the end of the fifteen-year Lebanese Civil War through the Taif Agreement .
Beyer then studied law at the Universities of Düsseldorf and University of Bonn .
Aleksander fled into Grand Duchy of Lithuania and then to Sweden , after which the metropolitan lifted the ban of excommunication against Pskov .
For the first six years , the New Zealand National Party governed alone under the leadership of Jim Bolger .
Upon learning the development between Iraq and Israel , ACM Shamim tightened the security of the nuclear facilities by establishing the strategic air command .
The sole member representing the NWSC in the Legislative Council is Leung Yiu-chung .
The Republic of Moldova , and other states and non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) claim that the government of Transnistria is authoritarian and has a record of arbitrary arrest and torture .
The Socreds failed in their attempts to convince Independent MP Leonard Jones to join their party and the Socreds made attempts to get recognition as an official party .
Smathers repeatedly attacked " Red Pepper " for having communist sympathies , condemning both his support for universal health care and his alleged support for the Soviet Union .
In 1977 , Nixon arranged an interview with British journalist David Frost in the hope of improving his legacy .
She supported Bob Rae for the party leadership in 1982 .
Davutoğlu 's bid to establish a Prime Ministerial office , which currently only exists in Ankara and İstanbul has been seen as a bid to raise the city 's profile and increase the AKP 's influence over the city should they win the election .
Pershing is the only American to be promoted in his own lifetime to General of the Armies rank , the highest possible rank in the United States Army.ref group = NotesAn act was passed in 1976 retroactively promoting George Washington to the same rank but with higher seniority , ensuring that he would always be considered the senior ranking officer in the United States Army .
The Syria-Lebanon campaign , also known as Operation Exporter , was the British invasion of Vichy France Syria and Lebanon from June-July 1941 , during the Second World War .
British Foreign Secretary William Hague warned in February that Iran 's nuclear program may lead to other countries in the Middle East seeking to gain nuclear weapons should Iran develop nuclear weapons , which could trigger a new Cold War and begin the " most serious round of nuclear proliferation since nuclear weapons were developed .
Richard Strauss provided the music , and in 1911 " Der Rosenkavalier " premiered in Dresden under the baton of Ernst von Schuch .
The Labour party chose to select Elizabeth McCombs who had previously been elected to the Christchurch City Council in 1921 and had stood for Labour in Kaiapoi and then Christchurch North in the 1928 New Zealand general election and the 1931 New Zealand general election respectively .
Charles Sloane Cadogan , 1st Earl Cadogan ( 29 September 1728 - 3 April 1807 ) was a United Kingdom peer and Whig politician .
Its lone MP , Tissa Vitharana , was named Minister of Science and Technology .
The first trial was held in 1998 , and resulted in former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim being convicted , and given a nine-year prison sentence .
The Massachusetts Constitution , chiefly authored by John Adams in 1780 , contains in its Declaration of Rights the wording : " All men are born free and equal , and have certain natural , essential , and unalienable rights ; among which may be reckoned the right of enjoying and defending their lives and liberties ; that of acquiring , possessing , and protecting property ; in fine , that of seeking and obtaining their safety and happiness .
Hamza Ben Abda ( born 14 March 1995 ) is a Tunisia n footballer who currently plays as a defender for Afif .
The DLC 's affiliated think tank was the Progressive Policy Institute .
During the regime of Rafael Trujillo , Vincho was appointed by the Dominican Party as Representative for the Congress , and later worked with President Joaquín Balaguer in the Agrarian Reform of the early 70s .
A variant based on the reformed Russian civil script , first introduced in the late 18th century , became widespread in Bessarabia after its annexation to the Russian Empire , while the rest of the Moldavian Principality gradually switched to a Latin-based alphabet , adopted in official after its union with Wallachia resulted in the creation of Romania .Denis Deletant , Slavonic letters in Moldova , Wallachia & amp ; Transylvania from the tenth to the seventeenth centuries , Ed .
51 ; Waller , pp. 258-259 On 14 December , they made a formal entry to The Hague in a grand procession.Van der Kiste , p .
The former president Milan Kučan , in office since the first free elections held in the Republic of Slovenia in April 1990 ( before the country 's independence from Yugoslavia ) , was forbidden by the constitution from running for President again , and announced his retirement from active politics .
Nonetheless , Ríos was defeated in the internal presidential primaries by Pedro Aguirre Cerda , who got the nomination and then went on to win the 1938 Chilean presidential election .
Article 156 of the Treaty of Versailles transferred the territory of Kiautschou as well as the rights , titles and privileges acquired by virtue of the Sino-German treaty of 1898 to the Empire of Japan rather than return them to the Chinese administration.A. Whitney Griswold , " The Far Eastern Policy of the United States " ( 1938 ) pp 239-68
On December 9 , 2016 , the CIA told U.S. legislators the U.S. Intelligence Community concluded Russia conducted the cyberattacks and other operations during the 2016 U.S. election to assist Donald Trump in winning the presidency .
The Financial Regulatory Authority ( ) is a financial regulatory authority that regulates the financial service industry in Egypt .
In 1968 , Hill ( president of MIM until his death in 1985 ) was appointed to serve on the President 's Commission on Obscenity and Pornography by President Lyndon B. Johnson .
The pre-recorded programme featured Griffin alongside the Secretary of State for Justice Jack Straw , the Conservative peer and Shadow Minister for Community Cohesion Sayeeda Warsi , Baroness Warsi , the Liberal Democrats ' Home Affairs spokesperson Chris Huhne , and the writer / playwright Bonnie Greer .
In 1899 , he became secretary to Prime Minister Katsura Tarō and in 1906 served as secretary to Prime Minister Saionji Kinmochi .
Räikkönen went on to score three more consecutive points finishes , including 7th in Bahrain and 9th in China .
The Triple A allegedly was secretly led by José López Rega , Minister of Social Welfare and personal secretary of Juan Perón .
Abbott has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Hackney North and Stoke Newington since 1987 United Kingdom general election .
In 1806 he was elected as a Democratic-Republican Party to the 10th United States Congress , holding office from March 4 , 1807 to March 3 , 1809 .
Mason later made four trips to Europe , visiting Germany , France , Italy , Spain , Norway , Sweden and England , observing teaching methods and collecting hundreds of music books .
From September 2001 to May 2006 , the prince worked for Philips ( Domestic Appliances and Personal Care ) in Amersfoort , where he was in charge of part of the Philishave portfolio .
The sale saw objections from a majority of Americans , prominent US Senators , the State of Israel and the Israel lobby .
An effectively multi-party system emerged in the Soviet Union in the late 1980s in wake of the Mikhail Gorbachev ' s reforms .
The parliamentary leader is Rob Jetten .
Uthman ibn Affan ( ; 579 / 583 - 17 June 656 ) , also spelled by the Turkish and Persian rendering Osman , was a son-in-law and notable companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad , as well as the third of the " Rashidun Caliphate " , or " Rightly Guided Caliphs .
Kyrgyzstan suspended broadcasts of Radio Azattyk , RFE / RL 's Kyrgyz language service , requesting that the government be able to pre-approve its programming .
This is a list of Members of Parliament ( MPs ) elected to the 21st Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1874 United Kingdom general election .
They lost a seat in the 1982 Spanish general election .
In 2020 , de Maizière was appointed by NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg to co-chair ( alongside A. Wess Mitchell ) a group of experts to support his work in a reflection process to further strengthen NATO 's political dimension .
Oxford and Earl Cadogan .
They found that in the town of China by mistake 67 votes had been returned for Wilson , although he had polled only 45 .
He was a member of many of the Liberal / Alliance by-election campaign teams , including those in West Derbyshire in 1986 and 1987 Greenwich by-election .
She was defeated by Labour 's candidate Rino Tirikatene and retired from politics .
Obama carried Wisconsin with over 56 % of the vote , significantly improving upon John Kerry ' s margin of victory in 2004 United States presidential election in Wisconsin .
In a ceremony on the steps of the Virginia State Capitol in front of a crowd of Virginia Tech students , faculty , and alumni - including his wife , Cheryl Beamer , government affairs directors , Paul Rice and Harvey Creasey III , and university president , Timothy Sands - Governor McAuliffe presented Beamer with a framed certificate to honor his achievements as the head coach of the Virginia Tech football program .
The local authorities came together to challenge the centralised nature of the British state The eight city councils are also members of the pan-European Eurocities network , a group co-founded by Birmingham City Council .
In 1992 , Albert Reynolds succeeded Haughey as Taoiseach .
She was the granddaughter of Samuel Maverick , a politician and land baron who was a signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence .
He was a student leader at the Central University of Venezuela ( UCV ) , and a leader of student opposition protesters during the 2014 Venezuelan protests .
Former state parties that were not formally succeeded by any existing state include Czechoslovakia , East Germany , and Yugoslavia .
) , of Staten Island ; Vivian E. Cook ( Dem .
The fear that Sigismund might re-catholicize the land alarmed the Protestant majority in Sweden - particularly the commoners and lower nobility , and Charles came forward as their champion , and also as the defender of the House of Vasa dynasty against foreign interference .
This election was viewed by international observers from the Commonwealth of Nations and Norway and South Africa n parliamentary delegations declared the election not being free and fair .
" It protested on the basis that the revised version of the game , which was censored to prevent the game from remaining banned in both countries , was still banned in the UK via the ratings given by the British Board of Film Classification ( BBFC ) .
Emperor Ai was succeeded by his brother Sima Yi the Prince of Langya , who took the throne as Emperor Fei .
This constituency was first created under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 , for the 1885 United Kingdom general election .
Since 2010 , he has been a member of the National Academy of Sciences .ref name = nasonline He specializes on studying NK cells .
After an open conflict over the future status of the Saarland as an independent entity of the Western European Union , Chairman Kraft resigned from his post in 1954 , when at a party convention his aide Eva Gräfin Finck von Finckenstein had not been re-elected as member of the executive committee .
Vice President Dick Cheney and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , while not identifying themselves as neoconservatives , listened closely to neoconservative advisers regarding foreign policy , especially the defense of Israel , the promotion of democracy in the Middle East and the buildup of American military forces to achieve these goals .
Garré was named to head the powerful new Security Ministry , established in December 2010 by President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner .
Uehara took a critical stance against the formation of the Taisei Yokusankai , and in 1941 formed an anti-Yokusankai group with Hatoyama and Yukio Ozaki ; however , the group was defeated in the 1942 Japanese general election .
It was part of the wider 1994 European Parliament election .
Her successor , Almazbek Atambayev , was elected in the 2011 Kyrgyz Presidential Election and subsequently succeeded Otunbayeva on 1st December that year .
After the war he returned to the diplomatic service and served at the British Embassy in Belgrade from 1945 to 1946 , as Assistant Private Secretary to the Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin from 1946 to 1948 , at the Foreign Office from 1948 to 1950 and at the British Embassy in Buenos Aires from 1950 to 1952 .
The marshes were turned into cultivatable land in the 1930s under Benito Mussolini .
Ostojić was named minister of tourism as the lone member of the Istrian Democratic Assembly ( IDS ) in the cabinet of Zoran Milanović on 23 December 2011 .
The same boundaries were used for the 1959 United Kingdom general election , the 1964 United Kingdom general election , the 1966 United Kingdom general election and the 1970 United Kingdom general election .
Under its new designated official space policy which was approved by the Prime minister of Pakistan Yousaf Raza Gillani , the programs inter-alia cohesively included the augmentation and strengthening of the understanding of physics and mathematics in the country , as part of the scientific mission of Suparco .
Eaton was acclaimed to his second term in the 1917 Alberta general election under section 38 of the " Elections Act " .
The only other time a gubernatorial recall has been successful was in 2003 to California Governor Gray Davis .
The film was directed by Stephen Frears from a script by Peter Morgan , based in part upon " The Rivals " by James Naughtie .
Scott 's army , numbering 13,660 men , rendezvoused at Lobos Island late in February 1847 and , on March 2 , sailed for Vera Cruz , convoyed by a naval force under Commodore Matthew C. Perry .
Tuka attended the conference , as did Hitler , Tiso , Joachim von Ribbentrop , Alexander Mach ( head of the Hlinka Guard s ) , and Franz Karmasin , head of the local German minority .
Ismail Abdul Rahman proposed this target after the government was unable to agree on a suitable policy goal .
Fernando Teixeira dos Santos ( born in Maia , September 13 , 1951 ) , small GOIH / small is a Portugal economist and professor .
In 2014 , Tung founded a thinktank Our Hong Kong Foundation .
The campaign was initially planned to involve six stages , but eventually landings were undertaken at four locations : Tarakan , Labuan , North Borneo and Balikpapan .
A South Korea n version was launched on December 4 , 2013 under the Discovery Communications and CMB ( Central Media Broadcasting Korea ) .
As a result of the nature of their father 's work , Schulenburg , his four brothers , and their sister Tisa von der Schulenburg , grew up in several different places , including Berlin , Potsdam , Münster , and the family 's country house , Schloss Tressow in northwestern Mecklenburg .
He complained about Shuja-ud-Daula ' s campaign against his Rohilla allies and how Hyder Ali defeated the British Empire during the Battle of Pollilur .
Hampstead and Kilburn largely replaced Hampstead and Highgate for the 2010 United Kingdom general election .
In response to these claims , AKP deputy leader Hüseyin Çelik claimed that ' crows would laugh ' at allegations that the Gülen Movement had taken over the state .
Australian Senator Mark Arbib ( Australian Labor Party ) was in regular contact with and acted as a ' protected ' source and confidential contact for the U.S. government , providing inside information and commentary on the workings of the government and the Labor Party to officers at the U.S. Embassy , Canberra .
Mehmed Alajbegović was born in Bihać on 7 May 1906 , into a Bosniak family .
However , for over 80 years , the province was governed by right-wing parties , which began in 1935 , with Social Credit , which were succeeded in 1971 by the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta .
In 1994 , Nattrass joined the right-wing New Britain Party and unsuccessfully stood for the group in the Dudley West by-election of the same year .
At the end of World War II , Scorza fled to Argentina .
He takes on several anti-social elements who rule the underworld of Kochi .
He replied by telling his manager Albert Grossman that his songs were no longer available for publication in " Sing Out ! " .
Charles Maurras , a monarchist writer and founder of the " Action Française " movement , judged that Pétain 's accession to power was , in that respect , a " divine surprise , " and many people of his persuasion believed it preferable to have an authoritarian government similar to that of Francisco Franco ' s Spain , even if under Germany 's yoke , than to have a republican government .
The Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) ( PML-N ) , Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan ( JI ) , Pakistan Tehrik-i-Insaaf ( PTI ) and Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam ( JUI-F ) all agreed on the name of retired senior justice Nasir Aslam Zahid as the caretaker PM until the elections take place .
The effect of this split was felt in the 1847 United Kingdom general election , when the Whig party won a 53.8 % majority of seats in Parliament .
Smith has been teaching since the 1970s , first under the auspices of his own Forum for Philosophical Studies ( with offices on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles ) , later under the auspices of the Cato Institute and the Institute for Humane Studies ( IHS ) .
The former had pulled ahead in the European election of 1979 and the Local Council Elections of 1981 but had suffered a setback in the 1982 Belfast South by-election which followed the murder of Robert Bradford .
February 2017 , Human Rights Watch released a report about the violation of the right of speech and freedom of movement in Oman .
Labour regained the electorates in the following election in the 1999 New Zealand general election .
When the Italian section of the International Workingman 's Association was formed in 1869 , new and more famous ( or infamous ) anarchists began appearing on the scene , notable individuals include Carlo Cafiero and Errico Malatesta .
Wölken became a Member of the European Parliament when he replaced Matthias Groote who resigned to run for local office in 2016 .
The 2016 United States presidential election in Washington was won by Hillary Rodham Clinton on November 8 , 2016 , with 54.3 % of the vote over Hillary Clinton ' s 38.07 % .
For example , Boris Reinstein , a druggist from Buffalo , New York who sat ostensibly the delegate of the Socialist Labor Party of America , had been away from home for two years and had no formal authorization to represent his party.James W. Hulse , " The Forming of the Communist International .
This suggests that Paramardi defeated a Kalachuris of Tripuri , possibly Jayasimha .
The only vice president from Alabama was a Democrat , William Rufus King who ran with Franklin Pierce in 1852 .
The poll was to choose a successor to Yorikane Masumoto , who announced his resignation after serving three terms for a total 12 years in office
There was a marked resemblance between the medieval archchancellor and the later chancellors of the German Empire , the Weimar Republic ,
Baraka characterized the 2014 overthrow of Viktor Yanukovych as a " U.S.-supported coup " that contained " racist neo-Nazi elements .
He was son of J. V. S. Taylor , translator of the Bible into Gujarati , grandson of Joseph Taylor ( missionary ) of Belgaum , and probably great-grandson of John Taylor , M.D. , assistant surgeon in Bombay .
This was the last election to the West Midlands County Council , after metropolitan county councils were scrapped on 31 March 1986 under the Local Government Act 1985 by the Conservative government of Margaret Thatcher .
In 2015 , when the party 's central committee member Wong Sing-chi publicly called on pan-democrats to back Beijing 's restrictive reform model for the 2017 Hong Kong Chief Executive election , Hui led a call for the party to investigate whether Wong had violated any of its internal rules .
1390 & amp ; ndash ; 1897 ) was an early modern state located in what is now Ethiopia , with its first capital at Bonga .
The Communist Bund was formed out of the leftwing majority section of the erstwhile Russian Bund ( the rightwing minority formed the Social Democratic Bund ) .Brenner , Michael , and Derek Jonathan Penslar .
Zhao Yan then wrote to Xun Yu , the official in charge of Xu ( 許 ; present-day Xuchang , Henan ) , the imperial capital , while Cao Cao was away at the frontline .
The Soviet invasion force had to cross mountainous terrain , and its goals were to recruit new troops from the Turkmen Sahra , assemble with the Soviet troops and to capture the city of Mashhad , the second largest city in Iran .
When war broke out , using the cover name " Lene Ring " she had taken over the leadership of the German group at the Communist International School in Kushnarenkovo near Ufa .
This category lists politicians who are associated with Mexico through nationality .
" Planctopirus hydrillae " is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus of " Planctopirus " which has been isolated from the plant " Hydrilla verticillata " from Hyderabad in India .
He then worked at the Institute for Fiscal Studies in London , where he specialised in researching into poverty , taxes and benefits .
It was he who persuaded the king to summon the Riksdag of 1786 , which , however , he failed to control , and in all Gustav 's plans for forcing on a war with Russia Toll was initiated from the first .
Prime Minister H. H. Asquith agreed with the king , and the Act was passed through the then-sitting parliament before the new king was required to open the new parliament .
The Mayor of Asti is an elected politician who , along with the Asti 's City Council , is accountable for the strategic government of Asti in Piedmont , Italy .
Hamilton Lavity Stoutt won the most general elections of any leader ( he won five ) , followed by Orlando Smith ( three ) .
However , his former colleague in the cabinet , minister of Defence Hans Hillen , was a strong proponent of a conservative CDA .
George I ( George Louis ; was King of Great Britain and Ireland from 1 August 1714 and ruler of the Duchy and Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg ( Hanover ) in the Holy Roman Empire from 23 January 1698 until his death in 1727 .
The most prominent achievement in his reign was the discovery of Buddha 's Footprint at Saraburi .
Indignant Franco cut down his speech to a minimum ; the Baleztenas received threats from the Falangist Frente de Juventudes afterwards , Martorell Peréz 2009 , p .
The rise of the Nazi Party to power in Weimar Republic in 1933 led to the outlawing of the Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) and persecutions of its members , many of whom fled to the Soviet Union .
After the merger of SDP and the Liberals , Wrigglesworth was elected the first president of the new Social and Liberal Democrats in 1988 and served a tumultuous two-year term as president , where he helped to guide the new party through a financial crisis , its disastrous showing in the 1989 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom and its change in name to the Liberal Democrats .
Before working for Good Harbor , she worked for Business Executives for National Security ( BENS ) .
Dean often quoted the late Minnesota Senator Paul Wellstone ( who had recently died in a plane crash ) as saying that he represented " the Democratic wing of the Democratic Party .
In 1997 , her friend Lore Metzger , a survivor of the Nazi Germany , left her $ 10,000 in her will , to help with the work of rural education .
He also represented the Czech Republic in the Ecofin Council , Economic and Finance Committee and Financial Services Committee of the European Council and served as the Deputy Governor of the International Monetary Fund for the Czech Republic .
On 6 October 2014 , Prime Minister John Key appointed Barry to the portfolios of Minister for Arts , Culture & amp ; Heritage , Minister of Conservation , and Minister for Senior Citizens .
The West Bengal Transport Corporation ( WBTC ) renders transport services within the capital city of Kolkata and its suburban areas .
The open seat was contested by Republican nominee Jeff Duncan , Democratic / Working Families nominee Jane Ballard Dyer , and Constitution Party nominee John Dalen .
Shortly afterwards , when Casini refused to merge his party into Berlusconi 's then-new political movement , The People of Freedom ( PdL ) , the UDC was joined by The Rose for Italy of Tabacci , Baccini and Savino Pezzotta , as well as by two leading members of Forza Italia ( FI ) , Ferdinando Adornato and Angelo Sanza .
Bleek became a member of Progressive People 's Party in 1909 and of the German Democratic Party in 1918 .
While Algeria recognizes the Sahrawis ' right to wage an armed struggle against Morocco , and has helped to equip the SPLA , the government also seems to have barred Polisario from returning to armed struggle after 1991 , attempting to curry favor from the United States and France and to avoid inflaming its already poor relations with Morocco .. Middle East Research and Information Project .
In the negotiations to form a coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 German federal election , Brand was part of the working group on foreign policy , led by Ursula von der Leyen , Gerd Müller and Sigmar Gabriel .
It said they were spying on Miami 's Cuban exile community , not the US government.ref name = " IHT " Cuba says that the men were sent to South Florida in the wake of several terrorist bombings in Havana organized by anti-communist terrorist Luis Posada Carriles , a former Central Intelligence Agency operative.ref name = " IHT " / Duncan Campbell ( 2008 ) ' , section " The history of the Cuban Five " .
The ideology of the UNS derived from the current of Catholic social thinking of the 1920s and 1930s , based on the papal encyclical " Rerum novarum " of Pope Leo XIII , which also influenced the regimes of Engelbert Dollfuss in Austria , António Salazar in Portugal and Francisco Franco in Spain .
In the 2007 Ontario general election , Witmer won re-election by 4,917 votes .
In 2010 , M 'bilia Bel traveled to Canada and Colombia for concerts .
It was not until the end of Mulroney 's administration and the beginning of Jean Chrétien ' s Liberal government that the government 's program of spending finally halted the growth in the federal debt .
CSN criticized the plan of Pope Benedict XVI and the Catholic Church to remove its embassy from Taiwan in an effort to improve ties with the government of the People 's Republic of China and its Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association .
The Goths were later absorbed into the Lombard Kingdom of the Lombards .
On 15 June 2011 , Tuffrey launched his bid to become the Liberal Democrat candidate for Mayor of London in the 2012 London mayoral election .
In November 1984 , Muldoon was 1984 New Zealand National Party leadership election by four candidates , with Jim McLay and Jim Bolger as the two main challengers .
In 1993 he was appointed to the House of Lords as a life peer on the nomination of John Major .
The electorate is one of the New Zealand National Party ' s safest seats .
At the start of the campaign for the 2007 Scottish Parliament election , Labour were behind the Scottish National Party ( SNP ) in most of the opinion polls .
One of O 'Duffy 's associates , Liam Walsh had secured a commitment from Nazi Germany to send the Urundi to pick up the Irish volunteers.1936 .
In his last years Ramsay MacDonald was MP for Combined Scottish Universities after losing his seat in the 1935 United Kingdom general election .
" He added that the flotilla attempt to reach Gaza was " a premeditated and outrageous provocation " and claimed that its organizers had ties not only to Hamas , but also to global Jihad , and al Qaida .
( Madhura is identified with Madurai , a city in South India ; Pandu is identified with the Pandyas ) .
The result was a victory for Zimbabwe African National Union , which won 57 of the 100 seats .
In adjoining Savoy he took shelter with a Roman Catholic priest , who introduced him to Françoise-Louise de Warens , age 29 .
The Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) remained the strongest party and won 143 seats , a loss of 10 seats from the previous election .
Helen Zelezny , also known in Europe as Helene Zelezny-Scholz , Helen Scholz , Helene Scholz-Zelezny or Helene Scholzová-Železná ( 16 August 1882 - 18 February 1974 ) , was a Czech Republic born sculptor and architectural sculptor .Killy W. ( ed .
Betty Amongi Akena , ( née Betty Amongi Ongom ) , but commonly known as Betty Amongi , is a Uganda n politician .
Emperor Ping ( 9 BC - 3 February 6 AD ) Bielenstein ( 1986 ) , 228. was an emperor of the Chinese Han dynasty from 1 BC to AD 5 .
The election marked Goh Chok Tong 's last election in which he led the party into a general election ; his successor , Lee Hsien Loong , would succeed Goh on 12 August 2004 .
The party was founded in December 1989 and perceives itself as an ideological heir to the historical Slovak National Party .
In San Bernardino County , 79 percent of undocumented immigrants were born in Mexico , 4 percent in Guatemala , 3 percent in El Salvador and 2 percent in the Philippines .
The longest serving Prime Minister to date was Janez Drnovšek who held the post for 10 years and 45 days ( 3,695 days ) between the years 1992 and 2002 , followed by Janez Janša who ruled for 5 years and 28 days ( 2,584 days ) .
Preston Elmer Peden ( June 28 , 1914 - June 27 , 1985 ) was an United States politician and a U.S. Representative from Oklahoma .
Despite being less influential since the fall of the Socialist bloc in eastern Europe , the party still enjoys popularity in large sectors of Portuguese society , particularly in the rural areas of the Alentejo and Ribatejo , and in the heavily industrialized areas around Lisbon and Setúbal , where it holds the leadership of several municipalities .
Provincial Justice Minister Dave Chomiak described the latter promise as a " publicity stunt " that would ultimately cost the province money , while the " Winnipeg Free Press " described it as " bizarre .
Republican incumbent , Leverett Saltonstall , was retiring after serving for 22 years .
Between them the two clubs have won 104 Scottish League championships ( Rangers with 54 and Celtic with 50 ) , Interruptions to their ascendancy have occurred rarely , most recently with the challenge of the New Firm of Aberdeen and Dundee United in the first half of the 1980s .
It was the ruling coalition of Federation of Malaya from 1957 to 1963 , and Malaysia from 1963 to 1973 .
Arfa received his early education from tutors and later attended private schools in Switzerland , Paris , and Monaco .
He was elected as Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Bradford North from 1918 to 1923 , for Coventry from 1924 to 1929 and for Chertsey from 1931 .
As the senior member of the Virginia Council , Smith became as the acting Governor of Virginia , between the terms of John Tyler Sr. and James Monroe , for five days in January 1811 .
On April 30 , 2019 Jason Nixon was named as Environment and Parks Minister and government house leader under the newly-formed United Conservative Party ( UCP ) government with Premier Jason Kenney as Premier .
As permanent secretary , ML Pin acted as the head delegate for Thailand to the third UNESCO General Conference in Beirut in 1948 , where Thailand was an observer , and represented Thailand as the country filed for membership in 1949 and was accepted as the fifty-fifth member state .
A counter-demonstration organised by the Union of Democrats for the Republic on 29 May in central Paris gave De Gaulle the confidence to dissolve the National Assembly and call for 1968 French legislative election for 23 June 1968 .
This large tract of land was named " die Wachau , " or Wachovia , after one of Zinzendorf 's ancestral estates on the Danube River in Austria .
The revolution was faced with immediate threats from Western imperial powers , particularly the United Kingdom , which had occupied Egypt since 1882 , and France , both of whom were wary of rising nationalist sentiment in territories under their control throughout the Arab world , and Africa .
Congolese women and children are exploited internally in conditions of involuntary domestic servitude and taken , in smaller numbers , to Angola , South Africa , Republic of the Congo , and European nations for commercial sexual exploitation .
The leaders announced the intention of modeling the new community in the mold of the European Union , including a unified passport , a parliament and , eventually , a single currency .
In 1976 , after receiving its DC-10-30 aircraft , MAS scheduled flights to Europe , with initial flights from Kuala Lumpur to Amsterdam , Paris and Frankfurt .
Elf Yourself is an United States interactive website where visitors upload faces of themselves or their friends and have the option to post the created video to other sites or save it as a personalized mini-film .
Bickley also contested Heywood and Middleton at the 2015 United Kingdom general election , making a total of four parliamentary elections contested in less than 24 months .
Today these rifts and faults are seen as distinct , although connected , but originally , the Great Rift Valley was thought to be a single feature that extended from Lebanon in the north to Mozambique in the south , where it constitutes one of two distinct physiographic provinces of the East African mountains .
New suburbs arose , such as Flagstaff Gully , Geilston Bay , and Old Beach to the north , and Cremorne , Howrah , Lauderdale , Rokeby , and Tranmere towards the south of the city .
Oji River is a Local Government Area of Enugu State , Nigeria to the south bordering Anambra State and Abia State .
The 1893 State of the Union Address was written on Monday , December 4 , 1893 , by Grover Cleveland , the 24th United States President , to both houses of the 53rd United States Congress .
In the United States , legislation establishing a " Peace Tax Fund " has been proposed in Congress since 1972 .
After her 2011 election loss , Hall Findlay moved to Calgary where she became an Executive Fellow with the School of Public Policy at the University of Calgary .
On the other side , however , dissatisfied conservatives have created their own new parties outside the Republican Party , such as the New York State Right to Life Party and the Independence Party of New York .
The first official recording of this , now-legendary song was made by Nana Mouskouri in 1960 , although the company Sirius , created by Manos Hadjidakis , issued , in 2004 , a recording Melina had made for France television during the 1960s .
" He was known for expressing contempt for United States Military Academy graduates ( " West P 'inters " ) and their formal tactics , recommending common sense to his men instead of a military education , and distinguished himself with his unorthodox field uniform , including a tall beaver hat and a blue cotton umbrella .
Schmidt faced a challenge in the May 2 primary from Bob McEwen , the former congressman who finished second in the special primary in 2005 .
Currently , she is an lecturer as at Sciences Po , researcher , and consultant to the United Nations .
During World War II , J. Melville Broughton appointed her to the State Council for National Defense .
Dr. Lale Aytaman ( born 1944 ) was the governor of Muğla province in Turkey from 1991 to 1995 and the first female governor of Turkey .
General Sarath Fonseka , a former commander of the Sri Lankan Army , was his main opponent in the election .
The Australian Menzies Government welcomed the Dutch presence in West New Guinea as an " essential link " in its national defence since it also administrated a Territory of Papua and New Guinea in the eastern half of New Guinea .
In 1994 , while the Queen and her then prime minister , Jean Chrétien , were attending an aboriginal cultural festival in Yellowknife , the Dene community of the Northwest Territories presented a list of grievances over stalled land claim negotiations .
The Padajon Surigao is a Surigao del Norte regional political party in the Philippines , closely affiliated with the Kabalikat ng Malayang Pilipino and later , Lakas-CMD .
Likewise , Democrat Walter H. Dalton , Republican Robert Pittenger and Libertarian Phillip Rhodes vied to replace term-limited Lt. Governor Perdue .
The party never gained mass support , but Stoecker from 1879 onwards was able to obtain a seat in the Reichstag after an electoral coalition with the German Conservative Party ( DKP ) .
Thabo Mbeki , the standing President , also sacked Zuma as his deputy .
On June 14 , the South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary election and Hollings scored a comfortable victory over Russell to become the Democratic nominee .
The most active branches are : Warsaw , Wrocław , Rzeszów and Oslo .
Following the First World War , the Union of South Africa was a signatory of the Treaty of Versailles and became one of the founding members of the League of Nations .
Prime Minister Joop den Uyl made a statement in Parliament and told the delegates that the Prince would also resign from his various high-profile positions in businesses , charities , and other institutions .
The FN became stronger throughout the 1980s , managing to unite most far-right tendencies , passing electoral alliances with the right-wing Rally for the Republic ( RPR ) , while some FN members quit the party to join the RPR or the Union for a French Democracy ( UDF ) .
Attention is also paid to figures and movements partially influenced by anarchism , like Augusto César Sandino , and the Industrial and Commercial Workers ' Union , in southern Africa .
Part of the film takes place in the spring of 2016 , when presidential candidate Donald Trump invoked heated anti-immigrant rhetoric .
Tanging Yaman , was revived by one of the cast on the show Agot Isidro to provide the theme song for the program .
He was replaced as Foreign Minister by Moses Wetangula in the Cabinet named by Kibaki on 8 January 2008 .
The exception came in 2011 when she became one of the primary playback singers for Shoaib Mansoor ' s film Bol ( film ) .
The Great Irish Famine of the late 1840s created a great migration of willing laborers to the United States .
He was the second Canadian Member of Parliament to come out as gay ( the first being Svend Robinson ) .
In Paris he met the socialists Georges Sorel , Hubert Lagardelle and Paul Lafargue .
The Dikko affair was a joint Nigeria n- Israel i attempt to kidnap Umaru Dikko , a former Nigerian civilian government minister living in the United Kingdom , in 1984 , and secretly transport him back to Nigeria in a diplomatic bag .
The legend about Merovech 's conception was adapted in 1982 by Michael Baigent , Richard Leigh and Henry Lincoln in their book " The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail " , as the seed of a new idea .
I have worked in every European country except Portugal .
The Democrats proved to be more effective political organizers than Adams and his National Republican supporters , and Jackson decisively defeated Adams in the 1828 United States presidential election .
The ensemble and supporting cast features Rashida Jones as Ann Perkins , Paul Schneider as Mark Brendanawicz , Aziz Ansari as Tom Haverford , Nick Offerman as Ron Swanson , Aubrey Plaza as April Ludgate , Chris Pratt as Andy Dwyer , Adam Scott as Ben Wyatt , Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger , Jim O 'Heir as Garry " Jerry " Gergich , Retta as Donna Meagle , and Billy Eichner as Craig Middlebrooks .
Congressman Barney Frank , a Democrat , has represented this strongly liberal district , which extends from Quincy to the South Coast , since he was initially elected in 1980 .
Former Washington State Supreme Court justice Phil Talmadge was the first candidate to enter the race for the Democratic primary , challenging Gary Locke before he announced his retirement , but Washington Attorney-General Christine Gregoire quickly became the frontrunner , leading in fundraising and endorsements .
He has been returned in every election since then , and received almost 75 % support in the 2003 Manitoba general election .
The Liberal Alliance was a full member of the Liberal International from 1994 until its dissolution in 2005 .
The Supreme Council overthrew the Second Republic of Korea in the May 16 coup in May 1961 and established a provisional military government composed largely of officers who were involved in or supportive of the coup .
But if either of these plans failed , Bussy , even decided to get the help of the Peshwa , against the Nizam in exchange for Surat being ceded to the Marathas .
The district formally ceased to exist with the 1999 Ontario general election , and was incorporated into the new districts of Windsor West and Essex .
From 1872 to 1874 , Kuropatkin studied at the Nicholas General Staff Academy , after which he was dispatched as a military attaché to Berlin and Paris , completing his military studies , and with the French troops in Algiers , accompanying a French expedition to Sahara .
The Constitution Party , Retrieved March 22 , 2014 The Constitution Party candidate , former congressman Tom Tancredo , came in second place with 617,030 votes in the 2010 Colorado gubernatorial election with 36.4 % of the vote , ahead of Republican Dan Maes with 11.1 % .
Hardan was buried in Tikrit , and his burial site was destroyed by ISIS on 11 February 2014 when they planted IED s in it.02-11-2014
Unlike Oswald , Oswiu struggled to exert authority over Deira , the other constituent kingdom of medieval Northumbria , for much of his reign .
Fox is a former general practitioner ( he was a GP in Beaconsfield , Buckinghamshire , before his election to Parliament ) , a former Civilian Army General Practitioner and Divisional Surgeon with St John Ambulance .
Patrick Johnston is a Canada administrator , policy analyst and former politician .
In 1840 , he was sent to Lebanon by the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions as a medical missionary for the Dutch Reformed Church , and he was stationed at Beirut , Abeih , Sidon , and Mount Tabor .
He cited as precedent an 1826 House investigation of Vice President John C. Calhoun , who was alleged to have taken improper payments while a cabinet member .
In January 1937 , while Pablo Picasso was living in Paris on Rue des Grands Augustins , he was commissioned by the Second Spanish Republic government to create a large mural for the Spanish pavilion at the 1937 Paris World 's Fair .
He then obtained his A.B. degree in philosophy from Harvard College , where he resided in Winthrop House , graduated cum laude in 1941 , and was an editor of the " Harvard Lampoon " .
This position was enhanced further by Sillars reclaiming Glasgow Govan in a 1988 Glasgow Govan by-election in 1988 .
" Taki Unquy " arose in the 1560s in Huamanga , Ayacucho , Peru , from where it spread to Huancavelica , Lima , Cusco , Arequipa , Sucre , and La Paz .
Residents of the town of Arenys de Munt were asked the following question : " Està d 'acord que Catalunya esdevingui un Estat de dret , independent , democràtic i social , integrat a la Unió Europea ? " ( Do you agree on Catalonia becoming an independent , democratic and social constitutional state , integrated in the European Union ? ) .
Soviet Premier Dubienkin ( Richard Griffiths ) is in fact a series of clone s , which keep dying and being replaced .
The party is led by Navin Ramgoolam .
The Ministry of Culture , Tourism and Civil Aviation is the governmental body for promoting tourism , culture and private sector involvement in Nepal .
His numerous campaigns created a great empire that , at its greatest extent , briefly encompassed what is now part of or includes Iran , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , the North Caucasus , Iraq , Turkey , Turkmenistan , Afghanistan , Uzbekistan , Bahrain , Pakistan , Oman and the Persian Gulf , but his military spending had a ruinous effect on the Iranian economy .
" Some members of the more strongly pro-independence Taiwan Solidarity Union also oppose this view since they deem the ROC to be an illegitimate foreign and colonial regime that should be replaced by the proposed " Republic of Taiwan .
The Nashville Christian Leadership Council ( or NCLC ) , was founded by the Reverend Kelly Miller Smith , pastor of First Baptist Church , Capitol Hill .
" Han expressed her friendship towards Lebanon and Israel and her support for UN Security Council Resolution 1701 , UNIFIL , United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan ' s efforts at securing peace , and Foreign Minister Ban 's candidacy to be the next Secretary General.-
On 2 April 2013 Kaiser was sworn-in as governor of Carinthia by Federal President Heinz Fischer .
In May 1958 Lebanese President Camille Chamoun appealed for help against the United Arab Republic ( Egypt and Syria , both ruled by Nasser ) .
On 3 June 2019 , Federal President Alexander Alexander Van der Bellen swore in a technocratic caretaker government led by Brigitte Bierlein , who will hold office until the new coalition government between the ÖVP and the Greens is sworn in .
Dublin entered the championship as the defending champions , however , they were beaten by Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final .
Current president of the city parliament is Zdravko Jelušić from Serbian Progressive Party .
The Pope County Courthouse is a government building in Golconda , the county seat of Pope County , Illinois , United States .
Since its creation , most elections in the district have been won by the Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU ) .
Abbott Hall Gallery in Kendal , England has thirteen Somervell watercolours and one oil painting whilst the Royal Geographical Society hold a large watercolour , " Gaurisankar from the North West " , dated 1924 although this may in fact be a painting of Menlungtse .
Due to his consistent performances at club level , Bosingwa received his first call-up to the Portuguese national team in May 2007 , for a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifier away to Belgium ,
The Green Party received 12.4 % of the provincial vote in this election , a significant increase from its 2 % total in the 1996 British Columbia general election .
The Deli company imported large numbers of Chinese indentured labourers to Sumatra , Indonesia , where they were treated not as employees , but as contractors .
Born to the politician and lawyer Alfredo Vera Vera and his wife , Baltita Arrata Macías , Alfredo Vera Arrata was born in Guayaquil as the second of four children .
Right after the tragic death of Dutty Boukman , the insurgent slaves " first leader , Jean-François Papillon imposed his authority over the other black generals , especially Georges Biassou , Jeannot Bullet and Toussaint Bréda ( later Toussaint Louverture ) , and became commander-in-chief of the Haitian former slaves .
It also carries spoken word material by Noam Chomsky , Ward Churchill , Ann Hansen , and Howard Zinn .
He was initially favored for re-election because the frontrunner in the crowded Democratic field was Manhattan Congresswoman Bella Abzug , a liberal feminist reviled by the right .
Parliamentary elections were held in Bulgaria on 25 April 1899 .
" He was also the assistant to the producer of Wolper 's ABC special , " The Unfinished Journey of Robert F. Kennedy .
This measure was met with opposition by the child care sector and national child care not-for-profit organizations as well as the provincial counterparts including Ontario 's Dalton McGuinty and Quebec 's Premier Jean Charest .
Hoyle stepped down at the general election of 1997 United Kingdom general election , and on 14 May 1997 , he was created a life peer as Baron Hoyle , of Warrington in the County of Cheshire .
On 7 January and again on 11 January 1980 , Tito was admitted to the University Medical Centre in Ljubljana , the capital city of SR Slovenia , with circulation problems in his legs .
Mendoza received numerous awards and honors for his activities in the public and business sectors of Venezuela , including the Order of Merit ( Orden de Merito ) , Order of Francisco de Miranda , Order of Cecilio Acosta , and the Orden del Libertador , which is the highest honor the Venezuelan government can bestow on any citizen in recognition for contributions to the nation .
Finally , on 28 May 2008 , the kingdom was officially abolished by the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly and Nepal was declared .
According to a report published by the Committee to Protect Journalists ( CPJ ) , at least seven journalists remained in prison by the end of 2014 .
Incumbent Eduardo Brizuela del Moral ( Radical Civic Union ) , who was looking for his third consecutive mandate with the alliance Civic and Social Front of Catamarca ( FCyS ) that governed the province since 1991 , surprisingly lost the election to Lucía Corpacci , a current National Senator and former Vice-Governor of Brizuela del Moral , who headed a Justicialist Party joint list ( between both the Front for Victory and the " Federal Peronism " national government factions ) .
Incumbent Democrat Joe Lieberman ( Connecticut ) lost the Democratic primary , but won reelection as an independent .
At the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , he finished tenth in the discus final with a throw of 45.89 metres .
By now Brown was active within the Labour Party and the League of Youth .
Appreciated for his political position and military aptitudes , in April 1919 , Dicescu became political commissar in the Operative Service of Political Office of the 4th Soviet Army , participating in the fights against the White forces led by Alexander Kolchak and Denikin .
Cornwallis had the company take over the few remaining judicial powers of the Nawab of Bengal , the titular local ruler of much of the Bengal Presidency , and gave some judicial powers to company employees .
He built up support within the Labour Party during his time as the council 's leader during the 1980s , and was elected to the Labour Party 's National Executive Committee .
" Saltykov-Shchedrin , Tolstoy , Nikolay Mikhaylovsky and others criticised his puppet-like characters , most prominently in " The Idiot " , " Demons " ( " The Possessed " , " The Devils " ) The 1872 novel ″ Demons ″ ,
The City of Westminster is a district of Inner London .
She was appointed by the UN Secretary General António Guterres for a four-year term .
He is vice-chairman of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong ( DAB ) , the largest pro-Beijing party in Hong Kong , and a former chairman of Young DAB , its youth wing .
Representative Tulsi Gabbard said she introduces legislation for a Congressional inquiry into " the lying and wasting of taxpayer dollars " and lives of US service members .
Having been apprenticed to a printer in South Australia , he moved to Perth , Western Australia , in 1894 , where he initially worked on " The Inquirer & amp ; Commercial News " .
At the age of eighteen , newly promoted to lieutenant on 22 October 1899 , White saw service with his regiment in the Second Boer War in South Africa .
Nixon ultimately asked Governor Spiro Agnew from Maryland - an acceptable choice to Thurmond - to join the ticket .
Visa requirements for Greek citizen s are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Greece .
By 1932 , the United Kingdom , the USSR , Turkey , the Pahlavi dynasty and The Netherlands maintained legation s in Jeddah ; The French Third Republic , the Kingdom of Italy and the Kingdom of Egypt maintained unofficial consular representatives .
The five Assemblymen - Claessens , Charles Solomon , Sam DeWitt , Louis Waldman , and Samuel Orr - were represented in a trial before the Assembly by Morris Hillquit and Seymour Stedman in an event which became a " cause célèbre " among liberals , radicals , and civil libertarians across the nation .
Standish was first elected a Whig Member of Parliament for Wigan at the 1837 United Kingdom general election , and held the seat until 1841 when he was defeated .
He is a member of the Orange Order and Apprentice Boys of Derry .
In recent years , he invited Richard Rorty , Timothy Garton Ash , Antonio Negri , and Michael Ignatieff and other Western intellectuals to Iran .
It was influential in persuading President Sukarno to introduce Guided Democracy in Indonesia and return to the 1945 Constitution .
In 1511 , however , Malacca fell to the Portuguese under Afonso de Albuquerque .
In 1744 , Witham Marshe met the " celebrated Mrs. Montour " at an important treaty conference held in Lancaster , Pennsylvania .Parmenter , 141 .
On 29 February 2005 , Frasyniuk came out with the initiative to merge the UW into a new social-liberal party to be called " the Democrats , " which he presented with Mazowiecki and Jerzy Hausner .
This reluctance to criticize any policies of the Israeli government is because of the extraordinary lobbying efforts of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee sic and the absence of any significant contrary voices .
" His flashing eyes , his beetling eyebrows , his close-cropped hair , his biblical quotations , " recalled Gertrude Bell , the British " Oriental Secretary .
Clemons is the former executive vice president of Economic Strategy Institute , former executive director of the Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom ( now the Center for the National Interest ) , and served as Senator Jeff Bingaman ' s Senior Policy Advisor on Economic and International Affairs .
In 1876 , he was elected Vice President of the local Democratic Samuel J. Tilden - Thomas A. Hendricks presidential election committee .
So , the collapse of Lehman Brothers ( 2008 ) or the manipulation of the money market reference rate ( Libor ) by major British banks revealed in 2011 did not affect the ratings of the United States or United Kingdom .
After takeover of Azerbaijan by Bolsheviks on April 28 , 1920 Amirjanov immigrated to Turkey .
The First Hancock County Courthouse is a historic courthouse in Findlay , Ohio , United States .
His family was Jewish ; his father was from Syria and his mother was from Egypt .
Richard Joseph Daley ( May 15 , 1902 - December 20 , 1976 ) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Chicago from 1955 to his death and the chairman of the Cook County Democratic Party Central Committee from 1953 to his death .
He was the first cardinal from Zaire .
Then in August 1999 , Vladimir Putin was named prime minister , making him the 5th in less than two years .
However , the Slovenian government later announced that Violeta Bulc was going to be the country 's nominee for the position of the European Commissioner on the Juncker Commission , replacing Alenka Bratušek .
Radmanesh was a leading and dominating personality in the Tudeh Party of Iran , serving as a member of the party 's central committee , head of its youth wing and its parliamentary leader before taking office as the first Secretary in 1948 .
He served in World War II in the United States Army Air Corps , where he was shot down while bombing the Ploiești , Romania oil fields during Operation Tidal Wave and was a prisoner of war for over two months .
Armenia became independent from the Russian Empire on 28 May 1918 as the " Republic of Armenia " , later referred as First Republic of Armenia .
Due to the worry ( with justification ) of Chiang Kai-shek ' s attempt to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together , the warlords were well aware that their own forces will be significantly reduced if they were really to fight the enemy and once the enemy were exterminated as Chiang Kai-shek had hoped , their forces would be sent elsewhere in China to fight the communist s .
The old Habsburg possessions of Further Austria ( in today 's France , Germany and Switzerland ) had already been lost in the 1805 Peace of Pressburg .
) Chamber of Commerce that former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin and candidates she endorsed cost the Republican Party control of the U.S. Senate , saying : " The Senate would be Republican today except for states ( in which Gov. Palin endorsed candidates ) like Christine O 'Donnell in Delaware .
It considers itself a successor to , and effectively the continuation of , bodies of the Neo-Jacobite Revival , such as the Legitimist Jacobite League of Great Britain and Ireland ( founded in 1891 by Herbert Vivian , Ruaraidh Erskine and Melville Henry Massue ) , the Order of the White Rose and the Thames Valley Legitimist Club .
William Norman VC ( 1832 - 13 March 1896 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to United Kingdom and Commonwealth of Nations forces .
Previously Zimbabwe 's Ambassador to Italy from 1994 to 1999 , and later Ambassador to Japan and South Korea from 2003 to 2014 , in 2014 Comberbach was named a Senior Advisor in the Office the President and Cabinet under former President Robert Mugabe .
The bulk of General Arthur St. Clair ' s army retreated through Hubbardton to Castleton , while the rear guard , commanded by Seth Warner , stopped at Hubbardton to rest and pick up stragglers .
Shortly before his death , Alexander Litvinenko alleged that Vladimir Putin had cultivated a " good relationship " with Semion Mogilevich ( head of the Russia mafia ) since 1993 or 1994 .
The Court formulated the famous " one person , one vote " standard under United States jurisprudence for legislative redistricting , holding that each individual had to be weighted equally in legislative apportionment .
The Texas Association of Broadcasters honored her while working at WFAA-TV in Dallas .
The Embassy of the United States in Lisbon is the embassy of the United States in Portugal , in the capital city of Lisbon .
Around 1895 he joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
Parker and Stone , alongside writer-composer Robert Lopez , began working on a musical centering on Mormonism during the production of " Team America " .
By 876 , Guthrum had acquired various parts of the kingdoms of Mercia and Northumbria and then turned his attention to acquiring Wessex , where his first confrontation with Alfred took place on the south coast .
The race attracted three strong candidates : Puerto Madryn Mayor Carlos Eliceche ( Front for Victory ) , Rada Tilly Mayor Pedro Peralta ( Radical Civic Union ) , and Buzzi ; another city mayor , Gustavo MacCarthy of Trelew , was nominated as Buzzi 's running-mate .
The far right wing Japanese ultra-nationalist Black Dragon Society supported Sun Yat-sen ' s activities against the Manchus , believing that overthrowing the Qing would help the Japanese take over the Manchu homeland and that Han Chinese would not oppose the takeover .
Immediately after committing Jamaican troops to Grenada in 1983 , Seaga called a snap election - two years early - on the pretext that Dr Paul Robertson , General Secretary of the PNP , had called for his resignation .
Since 1961 , several Puerto Ricans have been appointed by the President , upon the advice and consent of the Senate to serve as United States Ambassadors to Venezuela , Spain , Costa Rica , Chile , the Dominican Republic , and the Republics of Mauritius and Seychelles .
On September 15 , 2016 , Michigan Secretary of State Ruth Johnson ruled that Brian Banks used House funds or resources to mail invitations to an event promoting his campaign against Sossi , a violation of section 57 of the Michigan Campaign Finance Act .
The National Information Communications Technology Development Authority ( NiDA ) is a government agency responsible for managing the development of the information technology industry in Cambodia .
The 1991 Haitian coup d 'état , led by Lieutenant General Raoul Cédras , had ousted the country 's elected president , Jean-Bertrand Aristide , who barely escaped to the United States .
In response to the Shu invasion , the Wei emperor Cao Rui sent Zhang He to attack Zhuge Liang at Mount Qi , ( 魏明帝西鎮長安 ， 命張郃拒亮 ， ... ) " Sanguozhi " vol .
Plettenberg descended from an aristocratic family from Westphalia in Germany .
The eastern wing comprised the single province of East Bengal , which included the Sylhet District from the former British Indian province of Assam as well as the Buddhist-majority Chittagong Hill Tracts awarded by the Radcliffe Commission .
In 2012 , she was appointed to the Executive Council by Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying .
Also , he has a high specialization in graduate studies and post-graduate degree in the fields of economics , evaluation and project development , international economics , foreign trade and international finance at the University of Barcelona .
He served as President of the non-Muslim block of the Bengal Partition meeting in 1947 and was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Bengal from years 1937 to 1952.Constitutional Schemes and Political Development in India : Towards ... - Page 654 In the first election after independence in 1952 , Sir Uday Chand Mahtab lost to a freedom fighter and communist , Benoy Choudhury , in spite of a campaign in his favor by Jawaharlal Nehru .
In March 1864 , Ulysses S. Grant , commander of the Union armies , suspended the exchange of prisoners of war with the Confederate Army and recruited Samuel Arnold , George Atzerodt , David Herold , Michael O 'Laughlen , Lewis Powell ( also known as " Lewis Paine " ) , and John Surratt to help him .
The AMP attracted notable controversy , peaking in the 2006 elections , in which a pamphlet which derided the Democratic Alliance ' s national leader Tony Leon and his wife Michal as " " supporters of the racist and murderous Israeli government " " was being circulated through Tafelsig , Mitchells Plain .
As a result of the ongoing debates about who should be the new Prime Minister , Jóannes Eidesgaard decided to step down as Prime Minister to allow Kaj Leo Johannesen of the Unionist Party to assume that office as a compromise .
This feature was partially a jab at radio hosts such as Laura Schlessinger ( who offers psychological advice as " Dr. Laura " though her doctorate is actually in physiology , not psychology ) who give advice on topics outside their range of expertise .
Gilbert S. Merritt , Jr , wrote to Attorney General Janet Reno that " it appeared that outside pressure on the Department from ' Jewish special interest groups ' had ' obviously influenced ... the OSI ' .
Austria allows Protestant children not to go to school that day , and Protestant workers have a right to leave work in order to participate in a church service .
In June 2019 , Oregon Governor Kate Brown sent the Oregon State Police to bring 11 absent Republican state senators back to the Oregon State Capitol .
In the Liberal split of September 1931 when Sir John Simon formed the National Liberal group in Parliament to continue giving support to the National Government of prime minister Ramsay MacDonald , Harbord decided to leave the official Liberals led by Herbert Samuel and join the Simonites .
Two days before the vote , Chandra Shekhar , an ambitious Janata Dal rival who had been kept out of the National Front government , joined with Devi Lal , a former deputy prime minister under V.P. Singh , to form the Samajwadi Janata Party , with a total of just sixty Lok Sabha members .
The union of the islands of Saint Kitts and Nevis has been controversial at least since 1882 , leading the constitution to specifically provide for a path to independence for Nevis .
After early results , Hashim Thaçi , who was on course to gain 32 per cent of the vote , claimed victory for PDK , the Democratic Party of Kosovo .
From October 1990 he served under Helmut Kohl as a minister without portfolio in Germany 's first post-reunification government .
A committee , consisting of Charles Cowper , Terence Aubrey Murray , George Macleay , Edward Deas Thomson , J.H. Plunkett , Douglas , W. Thurlow , James Macarthur , James Martin and W. C. Wentworth , appointed on the motion of Wentworth , held its first meeting in Sydney on 27 May 1853 .
" Party speakers protested against the ruling government in Bulgaria for forming an alliance with the Movement for Rights and Freedoms and allegedly ignoring ethnic Bulgarian interests .
Before 2019 Polish parliamentary election SD joined to Polish Coalition .
Born in Livadia , Greece , Miller was left an orphan at the age of four , when he was adopted by J.P. Miller , an American who served as a colonel in the Greek Army during the Greek revolution .
In 1796 he was appointed , through the interest of the Duke of Portland , regius professor of civil law at Oxford , in succession to Thomas Francis Wenman , and the same year , through the influence of Burke with Earl Fitzwilliam , entered parliament as member for Peterborough .
He joined the Communist Party of Great Britain in 1931 , but was expelled the following year .
He ran unsuccessfully for the House of Commons in the 1982 Belfast South by-election .
It was conceived as a protest event against the 1936 Summer Olympics being held in Berlin , which was then under control of the Nazi Party .
CFE is not a part of the North American Electric Reliability Corporation , though its transmission system in northern Baja California is part of the Western Electricity Coordinating Council through its interconnection with San Diego Gas & amp ; Electric via the Miguel-Tijuana and the LaRosita-Imperial Valley Lines and the Path 45 corridor ; it also has a few other interconnections across the border with local utilities in the United States .
Rachel Maddow was selected to moderate the First in the South Candidates Forum with Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders , and Martin O 'Malley , which was held at Winthrop University in Rock Hill , South Carolina , on November 6 , co-sponsored by the Democratic Parties of 13 southern states .
In 2005 , Morgan co-founded the non-profit progressive women 's media organization , The Women 's Media Center , with friends actor / activist Jane Fonda , and activist Gloria Steinem .
626 As reported by Pandrea , Voitec was in 1920 a leader of the Socialist Youth Section , on par with Lucrețiu Pătrășcanu .
Although nepotism was generally frowned upon in China , Bo Yibo ' s ambitions for his son were well-known. ostensibly because of Xilai 's superior academic credentials , which included attendance at the elite Peking University and a master 's degree .
The new party adopted the policies of the Socialist Party of Great Britain ( SPGB ) which rejected Leninism , social democracy and trade unionism in favour of a belief in " revolutionary Marxism and democratic revolution .
New Zealand 's first volunteer fire brigade was established in Auckland in 1854 , with volunteer fire brigades established in Christchurch in 1860 , Dunedin in 1861 , and in Wellington in 1865 .
Only one month after the eastern territories of Poland were occupied by the Red Army , the Soviet secret police and military led by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union officials staged the local elections in an atmosphere of state terror .
In 1987 , he was appointed First Deputy Prime Minister of Vietnam and assumed the role of Acting Prime Minister from March to June 1988 after the sudden death of Phạm Hùng .
Founded in late 1989 , the Center for the Study of Democracy ( CSD ) is an interdisciplinary public policy institute dedicated to the values of democracy and market economics , based in Bulgaria .
After the War , Hennessy joined what was then HM Overseas Service , serving initially in Basutoland , South Africa from 1948 in a number of roles , seconded in 1961 to the Office of the High Commissioner in Pretoria and taking on a number of positions in the government of South Africa .
The younger Walker initially served as adjutant on the staff of Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks , and later on the staff of Brig. Gen. William H. Emory and finally on the staff of Major Gen. Winfield Scott Hancock .
Kohl 's position was opposed by France , the United Kingdom Lukač , Morana ( 2013 ) .
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor in the summer of 1922 and it shaped up to be a heated contest between Thomas Gordon McLeod and former Governor Cole Blease .
Gritz ran for United States president under the Populist Party in 1992 United States presidential election .
In 1912 he was the Social Democratic Party of Germany candidate for the Saxon 22nd constituency ( Reichenbach ) and was elected to the Reichstag .
Löfven has said that the ongoing negotiations of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) between the European Union and the United States are very important and that it is in Sweden 's interest that the managed trade agreement is implemented .
The Economic League had been chaired by Sir Saxon Tate in the late 1970s , At the time of its closure , the League had files on 22,000 people , including Gordon Brown , 40 Labour MPs , " as well as journalists and thousands of shopfloor workers .
During the First World War she joined the First Aid Nursing Yeomanry and served in France .
The Conservatives won double the number of seats they had won in the previous European election , in 1994 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom , while the Labour Party saw its seats reduced from 62 to 29 .
Carlos Morales Troncoso studied in Puerto Rico until his family moved to New Orleans , where his father , Avelino Eduardo Morales , was named General Consul and where Carlos continued his studies .
In the 1998 provincial election the " Civica " won 22.0 % of the vote and Dellai was appointed President of the Province of Trento , at the head of a centre-left coalition , along with two major allies : the Democrats of the Left ( DS ) and the Trentino Tyrolean Autonomist Party ( PATT ) .
In the 2004 Democratic presidential primaries , John Kerry defeated several Democratic rivals , including Sen. John Edwards ( D-North Carolina ) , former Vermont Governor Howard Dean and retired Army General Wesley Clark .
Sennett and the Women 's Freedom League came into conflict with Emmeline Pankhurst and Christabel Pankhurst when the First World War started .
Part of the Alien and Sedition Acts , the Sedition Act was a political tool used by John Adams and the Federalist Party to suppress opposition .
He played a key role in the 1986 EDSA Revolution that toppled President Ferdinand Marcos .
Labour leader Jens Stoltenberg became Prime Minister and lead a coalition government , the first coalition government that the Labour Party has entered .
Instead , some sources record conflicts with the kingdom of Lan Na ( in northern Thailand ) , and the empire of Angkor .
On December 27 , 2014 , she succeeded the term-limited Cedric Glover , her fellow Democrat , in the highest position in Shreveport municipal government .
During 1907-8 Rivers travelled to Solomon Islands , and other areas of Melanesia and Polynesia .
In 2014 , she left the Government but was appointed to the Privy Council by David Cameron .
After an implausible 97 percent voted in favour ( 7,824,129 votes for and 253,159 against , with two million abstentions ) , on 2 December 1852 - exactly one year after the coup - the Second Republic was officially ended , replaced by the Second French Empire .
These findings have not prevented frequent accusations that Blair was deliberately deceitful , and , during the 2005 United Kingdom general election , Conservative leader Michael Howard made political capital out of the issue .
" Following Richard Bruton ' s gaffe on live radio ( see below ) , Joan Burton declined repeated attempts to have her say whether Labour would agree to a second referendum in the event of the " No " side prevailing .
The demonstration of some 350,000 Moroccans advanced several kilometres into the Western Sahara territory , escorted by nearly 20,000 Moroccan troops , and meeting very little response from the Sahrawi Polisario Front .
Back in his hometown of Thanjavur , Ram 's Uncle Bahsyahm and Aunt Vasanthato urge him to remarry .
In 1993 , Amir began studying at Bar-Ilan University as part of its kollel program , mixing religious and secular studies .
" The Field Marshal 's craving for luxury and public display ran a close second to that of his superior , Goering ; he was also his match in corpulence , " wrote armaments minister Albert Speer after a visit to Sperrle in Paris .
Plymouth City Council is the unitary authority for Plymouth , Devon .
Northern Cyprus has its own diplomatic missions , albeit only to Turkey , the sole country that recognizes the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus .
The period of the war lasting from 2003 to 2010 was referred to as Operation Iraqi Freedom by the United States military and Operation New Dawn from 2010-2011. was a protracted armed conflict that began in 2003 with the invasion of Iraq by a United States-led coalition that overthrew the government of Saddam Hussein .
In the region to the east of Changchun , after 600 bandits were killed , sixteen groups of bandits surrendered to the communists without a fight .
On 20 February 2019 , Prime Minister and Conservative leader Theresa May stated that she was " saddened " by the departure of Anna Soubry , Sarah Wollaston and Heidi Allen .
Reformed by General Nicolae Golescu , who succeeded his brother as Prime Minister , the " Reds " still secured a win in the 1868 Romanian Senate election .
In 1957 the Treaties of Rome established two similar communities , creating a common market ( European Economic Community ) and promoting atomic energy co-operation ( Euratom ) .
A Democratic-Republican Party , he most notably served as Thomas Jefferson ' s first Attorney General , and played a significant role in the events that led to the celebrated " Marbury v. Madison " court case .
The borough borders the boroughs of Keansburg ( via a maritime boundary ) and Union Beach , and the townships of Aberdeen and Hazlet to the northeast , southwest and southeast respectively .. Accessed November 15 , 2019 .
The 2020 Rhode Island Democratic primary was scheduled to take place on Tuesday , April 28 , 2020 , as one of several northeastern states in the " Acela primary " voting on the same date in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 United States presidential election .
The centre of Varaždin , the county seat of Varaždin County , is located around 10 kilometres from Novo Selo na Dravi .
After communists were forced to give up large cities including Siping , Changchun and Jilin City , the surviving thirty thousand bandits behind the communist frontline had their hope up again and increased their strikes against the communists in the rear .
In 1708 , after Union with Scotland , a Secretary of State for Scotland was appointed , but the third secretaryship disappeared from 1742 until 1768 , when a newly re-instituted third secretary began to take charge of the increasing administrative work of the British Empire .
In 1968 , under United Nations pressure Franco granted Spain 's colony of Equatorial Guinea its independence and the next year ceded the exclave of Ifni to Morocco .
United Airlines Flight 608 a DC-6 ( NC37510 ) was on a flight from Los Angeles to Chicago when it crashed at 12 : 29 pm on October 24 , 1947 about 1.5 miles southeast of Bryce Canyon Airport , killing all 5 crew members and 47 passengers on board .
Plaunt founded the New Canada Movement in 1933 , an agrarian youth movement that advocated a " new deal " for farmers and promoted its views in the " Farmer 's Sun " , ( renamed " New Commonwealth " ) the former journal of the United Farmers of Canada movement which he and Spry owned from 1932 until 1935 .
Later , Lee was also made a colonel of the British Army in India and liaised between the two Allies of World War II armies along the China-Burma border for the remainder of the war .
In the " Records of the Grand Historian " , Sima Qian wrote that Di Xin , in the early part of his reign , had abilities which surpassed those of the ordinary man , and was quick-witted and quick-tempered .
It was officially formed in Francoist Spain , in Madrid in January 1961 , as a response by some French politicians and French military officers to the 8 January 1961 referendum on self-determination concerning Algeria , which had been organised by Charles de Gaulle .
In 2014 , The Social Justice Hub at The New School " s newly opened University Center was named the Baldwin Rivera Boggs Center after activists James Baldwin , Sylvia Rivera , and Grace Lee Boggs .
While originally the " siida " s that were cut in two were to keep their rights on both sides of the border , this only lasted until Finland became sovereign and in 1920 got the Soviet Union ' s border regions with Norway .
In 1976 , Connolly 's first play , " An ' Me wi ' a Bad Leg , Tae " opened in Irvine and toured in London .
As President Lyndon B. Johnson had announced he would not seek reelection , the purpose of the convention was to select a new presidential nominee to run as the Democratic Party 's candidate for the office .
Dmitriev worked as an investment banker at Goldman Sachs in New York and a consultant at McKinsey & amp ; Company in Los Angeles , Moscow , and Prague ,
Bangladesh competed at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow , Russia , from 10-18 August 2013 .
" Further rubbing salt in the wounds of his former coalition partners , his campaign was boosted by the support of prominent Liberals from other states including Tasmania n premier Robin Gray and former Victorian and NSW premiers Henry Bolte and Tom Lewis .
The MIR was founded in 1971 by a merger of a left-wing faction of Bolivia 's Christian Democratic Party and the radical student wing of the Revolutionary Nationalist Movement ( MNR ) .
Antonie Pfülf , generally known in Germany as Toni Pfülf , ( 1877-1933 ) was a German politician who represented the Social Democratic Party of Germany .
Many Republicans , including Jas Gawronski , Guglielmo Castagnetti , Alberto Zorzoli , Luigi Casero , Denis Verdini , Piergiorgio Massidda and Mario Pescante , left the PRI in order to join Forza Italia .
The same year he became Professor of Criminal Law at the University of Genoa .
However it was dissolved after only 18 months on 18 May 1932 when the Governor , Sir Philip Game dismissed the Premier Jack Lang and commissioned Bertram Stevens to form a caretaker government .
The police killing of Panther Fred Hampton prompted the Weatherman to issue a declaration of war upon the United States government .
Sun Quan treated Zhuge Jin , Lu Su and other talents who came to join him like honoured guests .
The Liberals chose James Murray of Aberdeen , a 55-year-old art collector who was Chairman of the Aberdeen Art Gallery , as their candidate.The Times , 19 February 1906 p9 The Unionists met on 24 February and decided not to stand a candidate .
Luxemburg was held in high regard by Vladimir Lenin and Leon Trotsky , who recognised her revolutionary credentials at the Communist International .Waters , pp. 18-19 .
The two pro-Beijing parties Business and Professionals Alliance for Hong Kong ( BPA ) and Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong ( DAB ) , which commanded over 100 votes , also endorsed Lam .
Britain agreed to return nearly all Dutch possessions captured in the East Indies ( the most important of which , Trincomalee on Ceylon , had already been retaken by the French anyway ) but kept Negapatnam on the Indian coast .
By the late 1980s , people in the Caucasus and Baltic states were demanding more autonomy from Moscow , and the Kremlin was losing some of its control over certain regions and elements in the Soviet Union .
Before full transition of power in the Morea , from the Kantakouzenos family to that of Palaiologos , Matthew resigned his power in the Morea to his son Demetrios I Kantakouzenos .
Polls became more volatile in summer 2007 with the accession of Gordon Brown as Prime Minister , although polls gave the Conservatives a lead after October of that year and , by May 2008 , with the UK 's economy sliding into its first recession since 1992 .
He might have been the Balinese king who met the first Netherlands visitors to the island in 1597 .
Simonson 's alleged lack of qualifications and of public health experience were a target for Democrat s attacking George W. Bush perceived cronyism , especially in light of the poor job Bush-appointee Michael D. Brown is believed to have done responding to .
Bardhaman-Durgapur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India .
On this election he ran with the support of the political pact Juntos Podemos Más ( " Together We Can Do More " ) , which is made up mainly of the legally constituted Communist Party of Chile and Humanist parties plus other political groups and social organizations .
In September 1996 Rwanda invaded Zaire , precipitating the First Congo War .
One of her greatest achievements was the establishment of the institution of the European Capital of Culture within the framework of cultural policy of the European Union , that she had conceived and proposed in 1983 , with Athens inaugurating this institution being the first title-holder in 1985 , while she was a devoted supporter of the Athens bid to host the Centennial Olympic Games .
Ahmet Rıza Bey ( 1858 - 26 February 1930 ) was an Ottoman-born Turkish political activist , scientist , statesman , educational reformer and a prominent member of the Young Turks , during the Second Constitutional Era of the Ottoman Empire .
Vice President Dick Cheney visited Oman in 2002 , 2005 , 2006 , and 2008 .
Samuel Newell Bell ( March 25 , 1829 - February 8 , 1889 ) was an United States lawyer , politician and businessman .
The Monarch of Germany was created with the proclamation of the President of the North German Confederation and the Kingdom of Prussia , William I of Prussia , as " German Emperor " during the Franco-Prussian War , on 18 January 1871 at the Palace of Versailles .
188 According to Lăcusteanu , Marițica made Bibescu into a " superlatively vain " character , one likely to flirt with the liberals who promised him the imperial throne of " Dacia .
While Fidel Castro and Cuba staunchly defended North Korea , both the USSR and China agreed to participate in the games .
The Conservatives are weaker in the larger cities of Kitchener - Waterloo and Guelph , partly because they have prominent universities ( University of Waterloo , University of Guelph , Wilfrid Laurier University ) with large student populations .
Awni Abd al-Hadi of the " Abd al Hadi family .
She then moved to Colorado where she worked as a clerk for a federal judge Alfred Albert Arraj of the United States District Court for the District of Colorado and later as a staff attorney for the Colorado District Attorneys ' Council .
She refused to appear in " Somewhere in the City " ( 1948 ) so Warners suspended her again ; Virginia Mayo played the role .
Rosa Parks ( February 4 , 1913 - October 24 , 2005 ) was a seamstress by profession ; she was also the secretary for the Montgomery chapter of the NAACP .
When the nobility proclaimed Constantine Tikh emperor instead , Mitso and his family fled the capital in 1257 and attempted to resist from Preslav and then Mesembria ( now Nesebar ) .
In the early 20th century the bank opened new branches in San Carlos ( March 1906 ) , Quirihue ( opened in 1904 and closed in 1912 ) and San Javier ( the latter in 1926 , closed on September 11 , 1931 and reopened in 1943 ) .
Between 1963 and 1965 , de Benoist was a member of the Rationalist Union and likely began to read Louis Rougier ' s criticism of Christianity - who was also an adherent of the organization - during this period .
The party was based in the Otago region , and led by Dunedin publican Pat McCarrigan and former trade unionist Alan McDonald .
In March 1917 , the abdication of Tsar Nicholas II led to the Russian Provisional Government ( March-July 1917 ) , who then proclaimed the Russian Republic ( September-November 1917 ) .
Before the Rhodesian Bush War , the main black nationalist organisation in Southern Rhodesia , the Zimbabwe African People 's Union ( ZAPU ) , split into two groups in 1963 , the split-away group being the Zimbabwe African National Union ( ZANU ) .
After the 2018 United Kingdom local elections , the Liberal Democrats formed a minority administration with 16 councillors , supported by Labour with 5 councillors .
In 2010 the Alternative Greens , which had been part of Autonomy Liberty Democracy in general elections since 2006 , distanced from the far left and were merged into a new party named Autonomy Liberty Participation Ecology ( ALPE ) , along with other two progressive parties , Valdostan Renewal and Vallée d 'Aoste Vive .
Vie ( IPA : / ' vi.e / ) , is a district ( or " quarter " ) , of Oradea , a city in Bihor , Romania .
She practiced internal medicine in Plzeň rising to the rank of supervising physician in 1978 .
Lega Nord Toscana has been one of the weakest national sections of the federal party and had received only low digits until the 2015 Tuscan regional election , in which it obtained its best result so far ( 16.2 % ) .
The American Party won its strongest finish in the 1972 presidential election ; nominee John G. Schmitz carried 1,090,673 votes ( 3rd place ) .
Mieza was like a boarding school for Alexander and the children of Macedonian nobles , such as Ptolemy I Soter , Hephaistion , and Cassander .
Aleksandar Stamboliyski saved the party from that plight by first publishing a series of theoretical articles on the peasants " role in the state and history , and finally taking control of the BZNS party .
A new Bermondsey constituency was created for the 1950 United Kingdom general election including Rotherhithe , was and abolished for the 1983 United Kingdom general election , when it was largely replaced by the new Southwark and Bermondsey constituency .
In January 2018 , party leader Virgil Gericke called for the George Local Municipality to be placed under administration following infighting within the governing Democratic Alliance and that party 's failure to elect replacement councillors following the dismissal of the council 's Speaker , Chief Whip and four councillors by Local Government Minister , Anton Bredell .
Direct engagement with Asia began in 1919 with the formation of the League of Nations .
Trauner was the only candidate who ran for the Democratic nomination for the United States Senate in 2018 United States Senate election in Wyoming , going against incumbent Senator John Barrasso in the November general election .
In 1989 he became the first handicapped student to graduate from the Sciences Po .
The current Mayor of Aarhus municipality is Jacob Bundsgaard of the Social Democrats , Wammen wanted to focus on the upcoming election for Parliament .
Earlier that day , a large group of retirees gathered in front of the parliament building in Tehran to protest low pensions .
" The United States initially warned Chen not to abolish either the council or the guidelines , but later refused to condemn him because it believed the absence of the term " abolish " was not a breach of the status quo .
On 7 August 1866 , the Premier of Queensland and member for West Moreton , Robert Herbert , resigned .
Similar to the Governors of the 80 other Provinces of Turkey , the Governor of Kayseri is appointed by the Government of Turkey and is responsible for the implementation of government legislation within Kayseri .
Keshar Jung Rayamjhi , the leader of the pro- Soviet Union faction of CPN was expelled .
State representative Clark Hall , and state senator Robert F. Thompson will not run .
Starting October 1940 , under the National Legionary State , Nistor taught at the University of Bucharest , becoming the target of Iron Guard persecutions for the support he had given to King Carol .
These were the first elections for the movie star Chiranjeevi led Praja Rajyam .
The incumbent is Republican Tom MacArthur , who has represented the district since 2015 .
Church of San Agustin , Fort Santiago , Plaza McKinley , Roman Catholic Cathedral of Manila , San Sebastian Church , Concordia College , Manila Railroad Company , Dr. Lorenzo Negrao , and University of Santo Tomas ( Intramuros site ) were among the first structures to be granted markers .
In 1949 , Or was born in Xiamen , Fujian Province , China .
Adams , who was personally popular in New England , hoped to assemble a coalition in which Clay attracted Western voters , Rush attracted voters in the middle states , and Webster won over former members of the Federalist Party .
In 1988 , he taught French literature at the University of Udine in Italy .
In the morning of 28 September 2018 , Flight PX73 ( Operated by Boeing 737-800 P2-PXE ) landed short of the runway into a lagoon off Chuuk International Airport in Weno , Chuuk of the Federated States of Micronesia .
The 2012 United States Senate election in North Dakota took place on November 6 , 2012 , concurrently with the 2012 United States presidential election as well as other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives and various state and local elections .
After being initially enthused by the Spanish uprising against Napoleon , Grey became convinced of the French emperor 's invincibility following the defeat and death of Sir John Moore , the leader of the British forces in the Peninsular War .Smith paperback 1996 pp 169-71 Grey was then slow to recognise the military successes of Moore 's successor , the Duke of Wellington .Smith paperback 1996 pp 172-4 When Napoleon first abdicated in 1814 , Grey objected to Bourbon Restoration , an authoritarian monarchy and when Napoleon was reinstalled the following year , he said that that was an internal French matter.Smith paperback 1996 pp 176-8
The party was named by the prominent Lithuanian activist and writer Juozas Tumas-Vaižgantas , who regarded progress as the main aspect of future politics .
In April 2018 , along with other rebel groups in the eastern Qalamoun , fighters of the Lions of the East Army were evacuated to Turkish occupation of northern Syria areas in the northern Aleppo Governorate , thus leaving the Southern Front coalition .
In the late 1920s , Pekkala was active in the Left Group of Finnish Workers which criticized the underground Communist Party of Finland .
Ayizo ( Ayizɔ ) is a Gbe language of Benin .
Ferdinand then attempted to facilitate a fusion between the Romanian National Party and the National Liberals , but negotiations broke down after disagreements over the possible leadership .
He was a son of Lord Augustus FitzRoy , a Captain in the Royal Navy , and Elizabeth Cosby , daughter of Colonel William Cosby , who served as a colonial Governor of New York .
The marriage initially drew some controversy due to rumours that Bernhard was pro- Nazi Party .
She is also a member of the Inter-American Dialogue .
Major tourist attractions include the former ducal residences Regensburg with the Walhalla nearby and Amberg , the city of Weiden and Waldsassen Abbey including the Kappl Trinity church nearby .
Matthew Porretta , famous for his role as the titular character of " Alan Wake " , is also featured in both voice roles and live-action videos as the character of Dr. Casper Darling .
In September 2019 , Knowles called teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg " a mentally ill Swedish child " on the Fox News program " The Story " .
The island of Mangareva , in the Gambier Islands of Polynesia , was a monarchy until its annexation by France on 21 February 1881 .
Naxalites are considered far-left radical communists , supportive of Mao Zedong political ideology .
Senior politicians from the Social Democratic Party of Germany , Koehler ( 1999 ) , pages 151-163 , 187-189. the Free Democratic Party of Germany , Koehler ( 1999 ) , pages 189-190. and the Christian Democratic Union Koehler ( 1999 ) , page 190. were exposed and , when still alive , prosecuted .
She traveled illegally to the Soviet Union in 1921 , wrote " Mon voyage aventureux en Russie communiste " ( " My Adventurous Voyage in Communist Russia " ) , first published in " La Voix de la Femme " ( " The Woman 's Voice " ) at the end of 1921 , and published as a separate volume in 1922 .
2017 winners : Journalism : " Maldives Independent " ; Campaigning : Ildar Dadin ; Digital : Turkey Blocks ; Arts : Rebel Pepper .
In 1926 , after an assassination attempt and land confiscation from the Yugoslavia government ,
Some western historians ( i.e. , Kevin Alan Brook ) suppose that Kiev was founded by Khazars or Magyars .
According to Stanley , in 1946 , he was returning by train from a business trip to Manchester when the guard enquired whether he would make up a foursome for a game of solo whist with some other men .
In 1841 , the British government united the two Canadas into the Province of Canada , with a single legislature composed of , again , an assembly , council , and Governor General ; the 84 members of the lower chamber were equally divided among the two former provinces , though Lower Canada had a higher population .
The seat went to Gary Knapp of the Social Credit Party .
Other projects include both a commuter rail extension and a subway project in New York City , and a bus rapid transit system in Springfield , Oregon .
Tomorrow they could be the United States or the Nazi Germany .
Five persons were present at the meeting , P. Krishna Pillai E.M.S. Namboodiripad , N.C. Sekhar , K. Damodaran and S.V. Ghate .
He joined the Communist Party of China in 1975 .
The Vojvodina region was divided into three occupation zones : Banat was placed under direct German control as an autonomous region within the area governed by the Military Administration in Serbia , Bačka was attached back to Miklós Horthy ' s Hungary and Syrmia was attached to the Independent State of Croatia .
She was elected to the Manitoba legislature in the 1999 Manitoba general election , defeating incumbent Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba MLA Shirley Render in the central Winnipeg riding of St. Vital by 5218 votes to 3699 .
Ersberg made his international debut for Sweden in a single game at the 2007 World Championships .
Dieter Nohlen , Florian Grotz & amp ; Christof Hartmann ( 2001 ) " Elections in Asia : A data handbook , Volume I " , p221 There was only one candidate , Hafez al-Assad , with voters asked to approve or reject his candidacy .
Piero Marrazzo of the Democratic Party ( PD ) , who was elected President in 2005 Lazio regional election , seemed a strong candidate for the centre-left in 2010 , being the most popular of the possible candidates and the winner in most head-to-head contests with leading centre-right figures .
Sharon Carstairs represented the riding from 1986 until her appointment to the Senate of Canada in 1994 , and Jon Gerrard has represented the riding since 1999 .
His mother , Elizabeth Woodville , had sought sanctuary there from House of Lancaster who had deposed his father , the House of York king Edward IV , during the course of the Wars of the Roses .
Egypt scored a 77th-minute goal through Mohamed Aboutrika which would be enough to win the match and be crowned the champions of the 2008 African Cup of Nations .
The " Memoirs of Henry Obookiah " were published in New York City in 1818 and have been republished by the Woman 's Board of Missions for the Pacific Islands several times since the 1960s .
The small membership did not however isolate the group : the Solidarité Française found itself integrated in the loose coalition of far right movements such as Action Française and Pierre Taittinger ' s Jeunesse Patriotes .
He took office when his father-in-law , President Próspero Fernández Oreamuno , died in office in 1885 , and in a gesture of national conciliation following the fiercely disputed election for his successor , decided to hold himself apart from office on November 7 , 1889 .
Existing institutions for which it assumed responsibility were the National Physical Laboratory from the Royal Society in 1918 , the Geological Survey and Geological Museum from the Board of Education in 1919 , the Road Experimental Station from the Ministry of Transport in 1933 , the Laboratory of the Government Chemist ( previously the Government Chemist 's Department ) in 1959 , and the Tropical Products Institute from the Colonial Office in the same year .
Incumbent Republican John Chafee successfully sought re-election to a second term , defeating Democrat Julius C. Michaelson , former Attorney General of Rhode Island .
Ratheesh , Mukesh , Urvashi , Jagathi Sreekumar , Captain Raju , Lissy , Sukumari and Santhakumari plays supporting roles .
On January 26 , 2017 , when Rex Tillerson , Donald Trump ' s nominee for United States Secretary of State , visited the United States State Department , Barr , Patrick F. Kennedy , Michele Bond , and Gentry O. Smith were all simultaneously asked to resign from the department .
The election was held simultaneously with 2019 Spanish regional elections in twelve autonomous communities and 2019 Spanish local elections all throughout Spain , as well as the 2019 European Parliament election in Spain .
During the occupation , he asked the leading figures in the Chinese community , including Shouson Chow and Robert Kotewall to collaborate with the Japanese , " to take upon themselves what should have been my duty in working with the Japanese .
He was born on 27 July 1960 in the town of Bekdash , on the Caspian coast in the Turkmen SSR , in the Soviet Union .
The Chairman was Geoffrey Rippon , Lord Rippon of Hexham , Q.C. , Vice-Chairmen were Sir Antony Buck , Q.C. , M.P. , and Sir W. Hugh-Jones .
In January 2005 , Sharon formed a national unity government that included representatives of Likud , Labor , and Meimad and Degel HaTorah as " out-of-government " supporters without any seats in the government ( United Torah Judaism parties usually reject having ministerial offices as a policy ) .
Manafort often communicated with Deripaska via his " right-hand man in Kiev , " Konstantin Kilimnik , an alleged Russian intelligence operative .
He veered between supporting Charles de Gaulle and opposing him , insisting notably on the monarchical model on which , in his view , the constitution of the Cinquième République rested .
Its headquarters are in the town of Ipetumodu in the north of the area at .
Following this , Chapar decided to surrender to the Yuan dynasty emperor Khayisan ( Emperor Wuzong ) , permanently ending the threat against the Chagatayids by Kaidu 's sons .
He was buried at Saint Denis Basilica in Paris .
May has been married to Philip May , an investment relationship manager currently employed by Capital International ,
The South Carolina Democratic Party decided that the winner of the primary election would be their candidate for both the special and regular elections .
According to his brother in law Max Eastman , Krylenko was " gentle-hearted and poetic in his youth " but " hardened up under Lenin 's influence " to become " a ruthless Bolshevik .
Former Provisional National Defence Council ( PNDC ) Chairman , and leader of Ghana , Flight-Lieutenant Jerry John Rawlings chose the NCP leader , Kow Nkensen Arkaah , as his running-mate for vice-president .
In 1953 United States Senator Joseph McCarthy recited before his subcommittee and the press a list of supposedly pro-communist authors whose works his aide Roy Cohn found in the State Department libraries in Europe .
Antonio del Giudice went to France during the Régence .
He also ran as the Green Party candidate in Ottawa South in the 2003 Ontario general election .
Austria 's government structure is thus highly similar to that of incomparably larger federal republics such as Germany or the United States .
Spanish conquistadors such as Hernán Cortés and Francisco Pizarro exhibit characteristics of the " caudillo " , being successful military leaders , having mutual reliance of the leader and their supporters , and rewarding them for their loyalty .
Barnet London Borough Council in London , England is elected every four years .
He educated in theology at the Pázmány Péter Catholic University .
Bhushan accused BJP ' s Prime Ministerial candidate Narendra Modi of being corrupt and a " puppet " of Reliance Industries .
Subsequently , he became an assistant to Hugo Kronecker at the Institute of Physiology in University of Bern , and afterwards served as an assistant at pathological institutes in University of Giessen , Breslau and University of Zurich .
The incumbent is Republican Markwayne Mullin , who has represented the district since 2013 .
He eventually went at war in Hungary under Maximilian II of the Holy Empire with the elder of them ( 1566 ) .
Those who oppose the theory that he was Samuel 's grandson and believe he was merely a local Bulgarian claim that he was proclaimed as tsar in Belgrade not because it was the first border town between the Byzantine Empire and Hungary that he reached when he joined them as a prince of royal blood , but merely because it was the first important town that the rebels captured .
The original panel featured Mel B , Kanye West , Sam Smith , and Ricky Martin .
The association had been formed following the expulsion of local member of parliament , Dick Taverne from the party .
A second , smaller Bonus March in 1933 at the start of the Franklin D. Roosevelt administration was defused in May with an offer of jobs with the Civilian Conservation Corps at Fort Hunt , Virginia , which most of the group accepted .
A boost to McCain 's campaign came on March 25 , when former First Lady Nancy Reagan endorsed the Senator at her home in Bel Air , Los Angeles , California ..
He then served as provincial secretary for the Saskatchewan New Democratic Party from 1993 to 1996 .
Paz Encina ( born July 9 , 1971 ) is a Paraguay director and screenwriter , known for her drama film " Hamaca paraguaya " ( 2006 ) , winner of the FIPRESCI Award of the Cannes Film Festival .
It was a gathering place for many left wing and progressive cultural and political figures during the Popular Unity years , the period associated with the election of Salvador Allende , a Socialist , to Chile 's presidency in 1970 .
As a result , the term may be used to refer to diverse economic and political concepts like those proposed by individualist anarchists and libertarian socialists such as the Europeans Émile Armand , Thomas Hodgskin , Miguel Giménez Igualada and Pierre-Joseph Proudhon , or the Americans Stephen Pearl Andrews , William Batchelder Greene , Lysander Spooner , Benjamin Tucker and Josiah Warren , among others ;
The elections were conducted without United Nations ( UN ) supervision , and in defiance of the 1972 United Nations General Assembly ' s recognition of the militant South West African People 's Organisation ( SWAPO ) as the " sole representative of Namibia 's people .
The dominating pro-government faction was the Progress Party , which had been founded by Abdul-Muhsin Al-Saadoun in 1925 .
Alfred Byrne ( 17 March 1882 - 13 March 1956 ) was an Irish politician who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) , as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) and as Lord Mayor of Dublin .
The APG is chaired by the Department of State and meets monthly to develop and implement US programs and policies in the Arctic , including those relevant to the activities of the Arctic Council .
Mishri Sada of Congress ( I ) defeated Pashupati Kumar Paras of Janata Party ( SC ) in 1980 .
The Directory established 196 short-lived sister republics modelled after France , in Italy , Old Swiss Confederacy and the Dutch Republic .
From 1988 to December 2006 , he led the Joseph Rowntree Foundation and Joseph Rowntree Housing Trust .
The nature of the " nonpublic information " became clear a week later , when federal prosecutors in Miami filed a criminal information charging Minkow with one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud .
He was subsequently exiled with a number of Maltese nationals to Uganda .Carmel Farrugia , " Polluted Politics 1933-1942 , Background to the Deportations of Maltese Nationals in 1942 " ( Midsea Books Ltd : 1995 ) .
It led directly to the abolition of the Independent Broadcasting Authority and its replacement with the Independent Television Commission and Radio Authority ( both themselves now replaced by Ofcom ) , which were given the remit of regulating with a " lighter touch " and did not have such strong powers as the IBA ; some referred to this as " deregulation .
Marshall attended the convention that drafted the 1830 Constitution of Virginia so that he could observe the debate among the delegates , which included his uncle John Marshall , John Randolph of Roanoke , James Madison , and James Monroe .
He is the director of the Archdiocesan Archives in Zagreb and a member of the Commission for the Croat martyrology of the Episcopal Conference of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Episcopal Conference of Croatia ; mainly researching on the Catholic priests and nuns killed and persecuted by Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , Acting Assistant Secretary for Children and Families George Sheldon , and Acting Associate Commissioner Joe Bock were among the speakers at the event .
In 1931 , he returned to Cornell , where Henry W. Sage had endowed the Susan Linn Sage professorship .
His last major office was that of Ambassador to Romania , where he maintained close contacts with the Romanian Communist Party faction formed around Ana Pauker and played a part in facilitating electoral fraud during the 1946 Romanian general election .
Combined with the new name , this helped turn previous Unionist voters to the Labour Party and the SNP , which advanced considerably at the two general elections of February 1974 United Kingdom general election and October 1974 United Kingdom general election 1974 .
His liberal views contrast with those of his late father , Republican United States President Ronald Reagan .
The most notable category of exile settlers in the Soviet Union ( ссыльнопоселенцы , " ssylnoposelentsy " ) were the whole nationalities resettled during Joseph Stalin ' s rule ( 1928-1953 ) .
The New Party has its origins in the initiative " A New Party for Britain " launched in late 2002 , at a time when speculation about the possibility of a split in the UK Conservative Party was rife , during the leadership of Iain Duncan Smith .
Born & amp ; raised in Rosscarbery , West Cork of County Cork in the South of Ireland during the Great Irish Famine , O 'Donovan founded the Phoenix National and Literary Society and dedicated his life to working towards the establishment of an independent Irish Republic .
A further hindrance was that the last memorable " new man " to have been elected consul without consular ancestors had been the politically radical and militarily innovative Gaius Marius - a distant relative of Cicero 's who also came from Arpinum .
He then lived partly in Switzerland at Aubonne and partly in Romania , either at Săvârșin Castle in Arad County or in an official residence in Bucharest - the Elisabeta Palace - voted by the Romanian Parliament by a law concerning arrangements for former heads of state .
America 's President Richard Nixon was invited but instead Ronald Reagan , California ' s Governor , along with his wife , flew to the country using the Air Force One for the event .
Jatin was imprisoned in Ranchi and died in 1933 .
Arseny Grigoryevich Zverev ( ; 18 February 1900 - 27 July 1969 ) was a Soviet Russian politician , economist and statesman whose career spanned the rules of Joseph Stalin and Nikita Khrushchev , but culminated during the Stalin years .
Consequently , she became a member of parliament , even though she received a total of 4.370 write-in votes , about a hundred less than lijstduwer Kees van Kooten , who received 4.479 votes .
Subsequently , Boulanger was among the French Third Republic military leaders who crushed the Paris Commune in April-May 1871 .
Praising the role of Ernest Bevin in developing the German economic model after the Second World War , he described the SPD as Labour 's most important sister party outside the Commonwealth of Nations .
In the 2001 United Kingdom general election , she stood as the Labour candidate in Canterbury , but was defeated by the Conservative incumbent , Julian Brazier .
Since 2007 , he has been the leader of IA , a leftist political party which works towards Greenland 's eventual full autonomy from Denmark .
The election was three years overdue , the latest election having been 1990 North Korean parliamentary election .
On Sunday 26 June 1541 , thirteen supporters of Diego de Almagro II , whose father Diego de Almagro had been executed in 1538 by Pizarro 's brother Hernando , stormed the building .
In 1969 French presidential election , Georges Pompidou , formerly Prime Minister under the presidency of Charles de Gaulle , was elected President of France for a seven-year term .
The New York Republican State Committee was established in 1855 , one year after the founding of the " Republican Party " by William H. Seward and Thurlow Weed .
In the 2007 Newfoundland and Labrador general election Shea was re-elected with 75 % of the vote , up from 53 % in 2003 .
Doruma is a city in the northeastern regions of the Haut-Uele Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , adjacent to the border with South Sudan .
Leader of the Socialist Group in the National Assembly Jean-Marc Ayrault , Jean-Marc Ayrault and Martine Aubry .
He won this bid with 6,232 votes or 50 % , defeating his opponents , the incumbent Luis Rivera Rivera ( " Partido Nuevo Progresista " ; 5,832 or 46.8 % ) and Carlos Colón Márquez ( " Puerto Rican Independence Party " ; 297 or 2.4 % ) .
He was elected at the 1832 United Kingdom general election as one of the two Members of Parliament ( MPs ) for the newly enfranchised borough of Greenwich .
He then convinced Ibrahim to come from Iraq , which he agreed to do so ; Ibrahim first travelled to Tikrit , and then to Hamadan , and then reached the Samanid capital of Bukhara , which he captured with the aid of Abu ' Ali in 947 , and crowned himself as the ruler of the Samanids .
His preferred successor , Prime Minister Lionel Zinsou , was defeated in the 2016 Beninese presidential election by Patrice Talon , and Yayi Boni was succeeded by Talon on 6 April 2016 .
Liberal-minded , Osorio had sympathy for the " Farroupilha " ( raggamuffin ) cause , initially fighting alongside the rebels , until the proclamation of the Riograndense Republic in 1836 , when the movement took a separatist character , which he did not accept , which integrated to the Imperial Brazilian Army , in which it remained until the end of the revolt .
Lee Kong Chian , a renowned Chinese community leader and philanthropist , offered S $ 350,000 in 1953 towards the founding of the first free public library in Singapore on condition that vernacular languages were promoted and encouraged in the public arena .
In 223 , Liu Shan became the emperor of the state of Shu Han following the death of his father Liu Bei .
To take advantage of the uncongested skies and superb flying weather , the school was moved on February 4 , 1951 to its present location at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert of Southern California .
In the 2011 Showtime series " The Borgias " , Charles VIII is portrayed by French actor Michel Muller .
City residents send their children to schools in neighbouring Local Education Authorities , such as Islington , Tower Hamlets , City of Westminster and Southwark .
He fared best with Israel Zangwill , and Max Nordau .
Cortina 's early whereabouts on exile are obscure ; 1878 latest he settled in Paris .Brea 1912 , p .
In response , he launched a party-room coup against Liberal leader and deputy premier Llewellyn Edwards and became Liberal leader with Angus Innes as his deputy .
Later , in March 1997 , King-Ansell founded the New Zealand Fascist Union , which described itself as being more closely modelled on Benito Mussolini Italy and Juan Perón Argentina than on Nazi Germany .
Paul Britten Austin in 1967 and 1990 , Britten Austin , 1999. and the historian Michael Roberts in 1977-1991.Roberts , 1977-1981 .
12 and was politically active in Sinn Féin from an early age .
Henry A. Foster was appointed to fill the vacancy temporarily , but the State Legislature elected John Adams Dix for the remainder of Wright 's term .
After arriving in Paris in 1878 , Schwarz became a book broker , specializing in the work of Victor Hugo through association with Paul Meurice .
The Funj Sultanate , also known as Funjistan , Sultanate of Sennar ( after its capital Sennar ) or Blue Sultanate due to the traditional Sudan ese convention of referring to black people as blue ( Sennar reached its peak in the late 17th century but began to decline and eventually fall apart in the 18th .
A few weeks later , with the help of his friend Gerhard Schröder , Klima took up a senior management position with Volkswagen in Argentina at a time when the country was in a deep economic crisis .
However the U.S. Army Chief of Staff , General George Marshall , and much of the American staff wanted to avoid operations that might delay an invasion of Europe , which had been discussed and planned as early as 1942 , and which finally materialized as Operation Overlord in 1944 .
On 13 May 2001 , led by Francesco Rutelli , who ran in ticket with Piero Fassino , the coalition lost the general elections against Silvio Berlusconi and his House of Freedoms centre-right coalition .
She is a professor of political science at the University of Alberta , where she is also a Pierre Elliott Trudeau Foundation Fellow and a Provost Fellow in Equity , Diversity , and Inclusion .
One effort , which also involved Constantin Angelescu and Alexandru C. Constantinescu , involved a defense of Romania 's educational programs , confronting propaganda by Albert Apponyi and the " Hungarian bishops .
Savigny pronounced it to be the work of Gaius himself and not , as Niebuhr had suggested , of Ulpian .
He was first elected in 2012 as a Wildrose Party candidate in the 2012 Alberta general election .
A coinage commemorating Edmund was minted from around the time East Anglia was absorbed by the kingdom of Wessex and a popular cult emerged .
" These articles are related to the City of Burnside , a local government area in the Adelaide , South Australia .
He was Chair of the Scottish Labour , 1980 - 1981 .
The United List of Social Democrats became full member party of Socialist International at the organisation 's 20th Congress in September 1996 in New York City .
Working with historians John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr , Vassiliev revealed that Pressman had actually remained " part of the KGB 's support network " by providing legal aid and funneling financial support to exposed intelligence assets .
The field narrowed to a duel between Obama and Senator Hillary Clinton after early contests , with the race remaining close throughout the primary process but with Obama gaining a steady lead in pledged delegate s due to better long-range planning , superior fundraising , dominant organizing in caucus states , and better exploitation of delegate allocation rules .
The despatch boxes in the Australian House of Representatives were gifts from King George V to mark the opening of the Old Parliament House in Canberra on 9 May 1927 .
Additionally , on October 5 , the vice presidential candidates Senator John Edwards and Vice President Dick Cheney engaged in a debate at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio .
The City of Shoalhaven is a Local Government Area ( Shoalhaven City , population ~ 85,000 ) and a region in south-eastern New South Wales ( NSW ) , Australia , two hours south of Sydney .
A 2017 Czech legislative election was held on 20-21 October 2017 .
" She opposed President Bill Clinton ' s decision in 1996 to send 20,000 American troops to Bosnia and Herzegovina during the Yugoslav Wars .
Martinez spoke about his hate towards the United States of America , including his belief that Muslims were being unfairly targeted by the US and killed by the US military .
Alonto was appointed by President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte on September 9 , 2016 as the third chairperson of the Mindanao Development Authority ( MinDA ) , a cabinet-level position and having the rank of Department Secretary .
In May 1847 in Aker he married Hanna Christine Schou ( 1825-1867 ) , a daughter of brewer Christian Schou and sister of Halvor Schou .
Under the direction of Michael Boyd the play was presented at the Swan Theatre in Stratford in 2000 , with David Oyelowo as Henry , Fiona Bell as Margaret , Clive Wood as York , and Richard Cordery as Gloucester .
For example , in the decade before his joining the Nixon Administration , Henry Kissinger wrote several articles for the publication , among them one arguing for a more integrated Atlantic Alliance ,
The leading figures also included Benedek Jávor , university professor in environmental law and a founder of Védegylet , Gábor Scheiring , an economist , and Tímea Szabó , a humanitarian worker , who was to head the list presented for the 2009 European Parliament election in Hungary .
Proponents attempted to incorporate German Austria into the German Weimar Republic ; however , this was prohibited by the terms of both the Treaty of and the Treaty of Versailles , though the major Austrian political parties such as the Greater German People 's Party or the Social democrats pursued this idea regardless .
During the Commonwealth era , then-MRR operated a train-bus service to Baguio .
Edward Moss Carmouche , Sr. ( June 21 , 1921 & amp ; ndash ; April 6 , 1990 ) , was an attorney in his native Lake Charles , Louisiana , who during the 1960s was a leader of the nationalist faction of the Louisiana Democratic Party .
The Magyar Party ( ) was a political party in post- World War I Romania .
Evatt was appointed Attorney-General and Minister for External Affairs , positions he held under Curtin and Ben Chifley until the government 's defeat at the 1949 Australian federal election .
Wang claimed to have information about the involvement of Bo Xilai and his wife Gu Kailai in the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood , who allegedly had close financial ties to the two .
Colley-Urquhart was President of Prime Minister Stephen Harper " s SW riding association .
Leading the call for her deposition was Anneli Lapintie ; Tarja Filatov , parliamentary group leader of the opposition Social Democratic Party of Finland ( SDP ) also questioned the government over what it had done since the Jokela incident .
He is a member of the Swedish Crime Fiction Academy and since 2004 edits and publishes the quarterly , resurrected " Nova science fiction " ( which in its earlier incarnation he also edited from 1982 to 1987 ) , the largest Scandinavia n science fiction magazine .
It saw the election of Jan Laverty Jones .
Fighting in the Hundred Years ' War spilled from the French and Plantagenet lands into surrounding realms , including the dynastic conflict in Kingdom of Castile between Peter of Castile and Henry II of Castile .
Erinayo Wilson Oryema CPM ( 1 January 1917 - 16 February 1977 ) was Uganda ' s first African Inspector General of Police ( 1964-1971 ) , Minister of Land , Mineral , and Water Resources ( 1971-1974 ) and Minister of Land , Housing and Physical Planning ( 1974-1977 ) .
Future Senator Gary Hart ( who subsequently sought the 1984 Democratic presidential nomination and emerged as the frontrunner for the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination before his campaign was prematurely thwarted by an extramarital liaison ) was McGovern 's campaign manager .
The Mau inscription from Madanavarman 's reign states that the king of Kashi ( Varanasi ) remained friendly to him .
She and a delegation from the SDS also traveled to Cuba via Mexico City , Mexico on July 4 , 1969 , and later arrived in Canada via a Cuban vessel on August 16 , 1969 .
The Australian Labor Party was defending three seats .
In " The Huffington Post " , Michael Smerconish wrote that the Romney campaign did take the words out of context , and that the message of the importance of social contracts was better worded by Warren .
In February 2001 he began work as an invertebrate taxonomist for the National Institutes of Health at the National Center for Biotechnology Information , later becoming a staff scientist .
In the 2005 Norwegian parliamentary election the party regained support and received 32.7 % of the popular vote .
It was to be available to students for This also lead to an open letter by Nicholas Negroponte offering him complete access to MIT and OLPC technologies to help realise India 's dream to create a laptop of its own .. Epaper.timesofindia.com ( 29 July 2010 ) .
The MNLA was a guerrilla force created by the Malayan Communist Party ( MCP ) .
The Ukrainian group also had representatives abroad , with Leonid Plyushch in France and Nadiya Svitlychna , Pyotr Grigorenko and Nina Strokata in the United States .
In 927 , by which time Later Liang had fallen to a new Later Tang , to which Ma Yin became a vassal , Gao Jichang ( who had changed his name to Gao Jixing by this point ) broke his vassal relationship with Later Tang .
The Liberal Democrats selected April Pond , a local businesswoman and former Norwich City Councillor , who was a candidate for South West Norfolk in 2005 United Kingdom general election .
Bar-Lev remained Minister of Trade and Industry until the Alignment government was defeated and replaced by the Likud under the leadership of Menachem Begin following the 1977 elections , in which Bar-Lev was elected to the Knesset for the first time .
The Democrats then nominated George M. Dallas , a Pennsylvania lawyer .
Parliamentary elections were held in Angola in 1980 , the first democratic elections following independence from Portugal in 1975 .
Hoppe was born in Peine , West Germany , did undergraduate studies at Universität des Saarlandes , introduction to Hoppe 's " A Short History of Man " ( 2015 ) , Auburn , Mississippi : Mises Institute , p .
When April 1 , 1939 , Francisco Franco proclaimed victory and the end of Spanish Civil War , six days after Mussolini ordered the attack and invasion of Albania .
Alfred Emanuel Smith ( December 30 , 1873 - October 4 , 1944 ) was an American politician who served four terms as Governor of New York and was the Democratic Party ' s candidate for president in 1928 United States presidential election .
" Coney Island " is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Lois Wilson , Lucille Mendez , and Eugene Strong .Quinlan p.152 Its survival status is listed as unknown , .
In May 2018 Nogueras won the nomination to be the Junts per Catalunya ( JuntsxCat ) ' s mayoral candidate in Mataró at the 2019 Spanish local elections .
Eight years later they were restored to First French Empire as the Illyrian Provinces , but won back to the Austrian crown by 1815 .
" Meanwhile , the leader of the SDF-aligned Syria 's Tomorrow Movement and its paramilitary wing , Ahmad Jarba , announced that 3,000 Arab fighters under his command were training with US special forces to be deployed in the battle for Raqqa against ISIL .
The Museums are Wilberforce House , the birthplace of William Wilberforce ( 1759-1833 ) , the British politician , abolitionist and social reformer ; the Arctic Corsair , a deep-sea trawler that was converted to a museum ship in 1999 , on the adjacent River Hull ; the Hull and East Riding Museum , showing the archaeology and history of the region ; and the Streetlife Museum of Transport .
In the rescheduled primary , Bloomberg defeated Herman Badillo , a former Congressman , to become the Republican nominee .
By 1898 , he lost almost all of his territory and fled into the mountains of western Ivory Coast .
The incumbent United National Party ( UNP ) won 94 seats .
At the State election in April 1789 , for a term beginning on July 1 , a large Federalist majority had been elected to the New York State Assembly ( 65 members ) , estimated by State Senator James Duane at 42 to 22 .
At present it has 722 councillors all over the Valencian Autonomous Community , 19 parliamentary representatives in the Valencian parliament ( " Corts Valencianes " ) , 4 representatives in the Congress of Deputies of Spain ( within 9 representatives of A la valenciana coalition ) , 2 in the Spanish Senate and 1 in the European parliament .
" , a history of Israel from its earliest beginning till the taking of Jerusalem by Titus .
It emerged under the aegis of the Organisation of African Unity ( since replaced by the African Union ) which , at its 1979 Assembly of Heads of State and Government , adopted a resolution calling for the creation of a committee of experts to draft a continent-wide human rights instrument , similar to those that already existed in Europe ( European Convention on Human Rights ) and the Americas ( American Convention on Human Rights ) .
United Serbia has contested every Serbian parliamentary election since 2008 as part of the Socialist Party of Serbia ' s electoral alliance .
In 1943 , during Ion Antonescu ' s dictatorship ( " see Romania during World War II " ) , he was , with Mihai Ralea , founder and leader of the Socialist Peasants ' Party ; Frunză , p.116-117 , 120 .
The Nazi Party publishers Langen-Müller introduced Weinheber to the lucrative German market , and he was invited on extensive reading tours in the Altreich and awarded a valuable prize for foreign German writers .
As per orders of the Delimitation Commission , No. 232 Chandrakona ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) is composed of the following : Chandrakona municipality , Chandrakona I & amp ; II community development blocks , Ramjibanpur municipality , Khirpai municipality , and Niz Narajol gram panchayat of Daspur I community development block .
Gascas was built on the left bank of the Júcar and apparently owes its name to its founders , Gascons from France who had followed Eleanor of England , daughter of Eleanor of Aquitaine , to the area .
Ładoś also successfully urged in January 1944 the Polish Government in exile to help obtain official recognition of the passports by Paraguay Ładoś to MFA , Jan. 4 , 1944 , Archiwum Akt Nowych , sygn .
In 590 , Emperor Wen swapped his assignment and Yang Guang 's and made him the commandant at Bing Province ( 并州 , roughly modern Taiyuan , Shanxi ) , in charge of 24 provinces .
He picked Robert Fisk , " The Independent " newspaper 's Middle East correspondent , and George Galloway , at the time a Glasgow Labour MP , adding that rather than duel them , he would " rather just shoot them .
The party also adopted a policy of opposing ' national oppression ' , particularly in Punjab , Kashmir and Manipur and rejected defense of the centralised India state .
In 2013 Gravel attended the International Conference on Hollywoodism in Tehran , Iran , an Iranian government -organized anti- Hollywood conference .
The Armed Forces Examination and Entrance Station was part of a large complex at 39 Whitehall Street in New York City from 1884 to 1969 .
On 4 July Trovoada appointed Evaristo Carvalho ( the minister of defence and security in the outgoing administration ) as prime minister .
Westmount City Hall is the seat of local government in Westmount , Quebec , Canada .
The Republic of Moldova still considers Transnistria to be part of its territory , although the Second Congress of People 's Deputies declared separation from the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic on 2 September 1990 as the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic .
Around 1577 , the Stroganovs engaged the Cossack leader Yermak Timofeyevich to protect their lands from attacks of the Siberian Khan Kuchum .
In response , Wuyue 's prince Qian Liu sent his son Qian Chuanqiu ( 錢傳球 ) to attack Wu 's Xin Prefecture ( 信州 , in modern Shangrao , Jiangxi ) ; Ma sent his officer Zhang Keqiu ( 張可求 ) to advance to Gutting ( 古亭 , in modern Ganzhou ) ; and Wang sent an army to advance to Yudu ( 雩都 , in modern Ganzhou ) , all seeking to aid Tan .
On 19 February , the Ukrainian athletes competing in the 2014 Winter Olympics asked for and were refused permission by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) to wear black arm bands to honour those killed in the violent clashes in Kiev .
In June 2008 , Schale was hired by Obama for America to run the Tampa-based Florida operation , helping Senator Obama become the first non-incumbent Democrat to win Florida since President Jimmy Carter ' s win in 1976 , leading an effort that the Miami Herald said will " change the way politics is practiced in Florida .
The prominent individuals involved were Jackson , Kissinger , and Soviet Ambassador to the U.S. Anatoly Dobrynin , a skilled senior diplomat who had served in Washington for decades .
Labour was therefore able to form its first government since 1960 , with Norman Kirk becoming Prime Minister .
At a meeting led by producer Tamsin ( Christina Chong ) , executive Jack Napier ( Jason Flemyng ) notes that Munroe is standing to become a member of parliament in the by-election for the constitutency of Stentonford and Hersham .
Incumbent Prime Minister and acting President Vladimir Putin , who had succeeded Boris Yeltsin on his resignation on 31 December 1999 , was seeking a four-year term in his own right and won the elections in the first round .
The 2014 United States Senate election in South Dakota took place on November 4 , 2014 , to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the state of South Dakota , concurrently with the election of the 2014 South Dakota gubernatorial election , as well as other elections to the 2014 United States Senate elections in other states and elections to the 2014 United States House of Representatives elections and various state and local elections .
Alaverdyan was born in Baku , nowadays part of Republic of Azerbaijan and After graduating from the Azerbaijan State Pedagogical University in 1966 , she started her pedagogical work as a teacher of mathematics and drawing .
He followed very popular movements , promoting workers rights and opening up Maori land , and was then pressured to go into parliament , suggesting that he was the only man who could control the Prime Minister Richard Seddon .
Priests for Life have formed an international association of Catholics called " Gospel of Life , " and has requested the Holy See to grant appropriate status and structure in the Church .
HMNB Portsmouth is considered to be the home of the Royal Navy and is home to two-thirds of the UK 's surface fleet .
Maiko National Park is a national park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
However , by 1924 Danish Folketing election the Social Democrats had become the largest party and Højre had disappeared .
Speakers at Open Europe events have included William Hague , and Malcolm Rifkind .
On 7 April the car company MG Rover halted production at its plant in Longbridge , Birmingham , due to financial problems and the company was put into administration .
The groups elected Francesco Laforgia and Maria Cecilia Guerra as leaders , respectively .
In politics , the term " Left " derives from the French Revolution , as the anti-monarchist Montagnard and Jacobin deputies from the Third Estate generally sat to the left of the presiding member 's chair in parliament , a habit which began in the French Estates General of 1789 .
Bonino ran for President of Lazio for the centre-left coalition in the 2010 Lazio regional election , but was defeated by Renata Polverini .
Subsequently , he set up the Lahore College of Art in 1937 , a studio-cum-school , initially at the premises of the Forman Christian College , at the invitation of its first Indian principal , Dr. S.K. Dutta .
His successor as governor , Isham G. Harris , and the legislature organized a referendum on whether to have a constitutional convention to authorize secession ; when that failed , they put the question of leaving the Union to a popular vote .
Kateya ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( ) was an assembly constituency in Gopalganj district in the India n state of Bihar .
Zehava Schnipitzky ( later Gal-On ) was born in 1956 in Vilnius in the Soviet Union ( now in Lithuania ) .
Lieutenant Governor Sheila Frahm was appointed to Dole 's Senate seat by Governor Bill Graves .
Jefferson supported France against Britain when the two nations fought in 1793 , though his arguments in the Cabinet were undercut by French Revolutionary envoy Edmond-Charles Genêt ' s open scorn for President Washington .
The great issue of the day was the worsening of international relations with the rise of Adolf Hitler in Germany , Benito Mussolini in Italy and Japanese expansionism in the Far East .
The Congo fell into disorder shortly after independence , as the army 's mutiny and the secession of the Katanga Province under Moïse Tshombe created the Congo Crisis .
Jourová has been a member of the ANO 2011 political party since 2012 , and since 2013 , she has been the movement 's deputy chairwoman .
Shams worked for about two years as head of the water resources section of the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) in Kabul and served briefly as Head of the Engineering Department of the National Solidarity Program in the Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development .
On 25 March 1908 he joined the 1st Saionji Kinmochi administration as Minister of Communications , but was forced to resign with the collapse of the Saionji administration in July of the same year .
The Yufirid emir Abdullah ibn Qahtan attacked and burned Zabid in 989 , severely weakening the Ziyadid dynasty .E. J. Van Donzel .
It was marked by controversies , including efforts to uphold term limits for incumbent President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos , and a bribery scandal in which 14 people , including First Lady Imelda Marcos , were accused of bribing delegates to favor the Marcoses .
In an opinion by Thurgood Marshall , the Court held the Act did not violate the First or the Fourteenth Amendments .
This caused conflict between Mexico and the United States .
The Republic of Ararat ( Ağrı Province , Turkey ) , the Republic of Mehabad ( West Azerbaijan Province , Iran ) and the Kingdom of Kurdistan ( Sulaymaniyah Governorate , Iraqi Kurdistan , Iraq ) , each of these fledgling states was crushed by military intervention .
" Our demands are for lower commodity prices , national reconciliation and immediate release of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and all the political prisoners .
They settled in Paris , where his mother , after various minor jobs , became a restaurateur in 1934
He graduated from Gogebic Community College in 1963 and Northern Michigan University in 1965 .
In April 2016 , Shellenberger , alongside other conservationists and scientists - including James Hansen , Stewart Brand , Nobel Laureate Burton Richter , Kerry Emanuel and Mark Lynas - signed an open letter urging against the closure of the six operating nuclear power plant s in Illinois : Braidwood ; Byron ; Clinton ; Dresden ; LaSalle ; and Quad Cities .
" Thus , Javier Solana became the first permanent High Representative .
Moore advised Herman Cain 's 2012 presidential campaign and Donald Trump ' s 2016 presidential campaign .
Appearing in the company of long-established talents such as John Cleese and Peter Cook helped elevate the perception of Connolly as one of Britain 's leading comedic talents .
In Bangladesh , Institute of Chartered Accountants of Bangladesh , Institute of Cost and Management Accountants of Bangladesh , Bangladesh Insurance Academy and ICSB itself creates Chartered Accountants , Cost & amp ; Management Accountants , Chartered Insurers , and Chartered Secretaries respectively for financial services industry of the country .
In continuation with the Viceroy 's House , these buildings also used cream and red Dholpur sandstone from Rajasthan , with the red sandstone forming the base .
The idea of a joint party list of the main centre-left parties Social Democratic Party of Croatia and HNS-LD was discussed in the 2007 Croatian parliamentary election , however ultimately each party contested the election separately .
A. O. Scott of " The New York Times " called it " exacting , enraging " and said " Charles Ferguson presents familiar material with impressive concision and impact , offering a clear , temperate and devastating account of high-level arrogance and incompetence .
Writing in the " Sunday Telegraph " on 17 October , Andrew Gilligan represented the forthcoming election as the first big test for the recently elected Labour leader Ed Miliband , given the possibility of an independent candidate defeating the official Labour candidate in a strong Labour borough .
From 1985 to 1986 and 1989 to 1990 she moved up as a regular representative , filling in for Johan J. Jakobsen who was appointed to two different cabinets , first Willoch 's Second Cabinet and then Syse 's Cabinet .
After Heinrich Himmler introduced the " marriage order " on December 31 , 1931 , the RuSHA would only issue a permit to marry once detailed background investigations into the racial fitness of both prospective parents had been completed and proved both of them to be of Aryan descent back to 1800 .
Labour selected John Evans , an official in the South Wales Miners ' Federation who had stood unsuccessfully for the party in Montgomeryshire at the 1929 United Kingdom general election .
Born in the former East Berlin , East Germany , Hagen began her career as an actress when she appeared in several German films alongside her mother Eva-Maria Hagen .
The growth of women 's suffrage in New Zealand largely resulted from the broad political movement led by Kate Sheppard , the country 's most famous suffragette .
Its leadership , in particular Schneiderman , were supporters of the New Deal and had a particularly close connection to the Roosevelt administration through Eleanor Roosevelt , a member of the WTUL since 1923 .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Massachusetts took place on November 5 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
In 1995 , Benazir also appointed Admiral Mansurul Haq as the Chief of Naval Staff , as the Admiral had personal contacts with the Benazir 's family .
She scored her first two goals on October 1 , 2006 , during a friendly match against Taiwan .
In December 2019 , the Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights and the Committee for the Defence of Democracy organized protests throughout Poland against the Polish judicial disciplinary panel law .
In the election , Aglukkaq lost almost half of her vote share from 2011 ( even allowing for a turnout nearly double that of the previous election ) and was pushed into third place behind Liberal candidate and former Legislative Assembly speaker Hunter Tootoo and NDP candidate and former MP Jack Anawak .
Poalei Agudat Yisrael left the coalition when Golda Meir took over as leader of the thirteenth government .
In winter 617 , he suffered a defeat at the hands of Li Xiaogong , the son of a cousin of Li Yuan the Prince of Tang ( who had risen against Emperor Yang earlier that year and declared Emperor Yang 's grandson Yang You the Prince of Dai emperor , as Emperor Gong ) , but Li Xiaogong spared his soldiers .
A young translator for Britain 's Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) , Katharine Gun , leaked the memo to the " Observer " because she believed the war was illegal .
Heffer was upset about the pact and started a motion to call a special meeting of the National Executive Committee ( the Prime Minister , James Callaghan , forbade Ministers to sign it ) .
The 30-minute adaptation starred Powell and Peggy Dow .
Freedom and Solidarity ( SaS ) became the second party with 21 seats and Ordinary People ( OĽANO-NOVA ) third with 19 seats .
Republican Pete Wilson , Mayor of San Diego and former Assemblyman , won the open seat over Democratic Governor Jerry Brown .
On 25 February 1991 , at a meeting in Hungary , the Pact was declared at an end by the defense and foreign ministers of the six remaining member states .
The 2011 Spanish regional elections were held on Sunday , 22 May 2011 , to elect the regional parliaments of thirteen of the seventeen autonomous communities - Aragon , Asturias , the Balearic Islands , the Canary Islands , Cantabria , Castile and León , Castilla-La Mancha , Extremadura , La Rioja , Madrid , Murcia , Navarre and the Valencian Community - , not including Andalusia , the Basque Country , Catalonia and Galicia , which had separate electoral cycles .
He also sat as Member of Parliament for Downton between 1806 and 1807 He hoisted his flag in HMS " Victory " as Port Admiral at Portsmouth in 1837 .
The Montreal Economic Institute ( MEI ) is a non-profit research organization ( or think tank ) based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
This is one of the last elections in Texas where you see many rural counties ( including a large Democratic stronghold along the border with Louisiana ) voting for the Democratic Party , and the populated counties , such as Houston ' s Harris County , voting mainly for the Republican candidate .
Amidst a lot of protest in the Lok Sabha ( the lower house of the Parliament of India ) , the bill was introduced by the speaker Meira Kumar at 12 : 00 pm on 13 February 2014 .
Due to efforts of powerful Radziwiłł family , the town of Nesvizh in today 's Belarus came to exercise significant influence in many domains - the Nesvizh manufactures of firearm , carpets , kontusz sashes and tapestries as well as school of painting produced renowned and luxury items .
Brennan filed a complaint in September 2016 in the Fort Lee municipal court , alleging official misconduct by New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in regard to the Fort Lee lane closure scandal .
India ' s Supreme Court has also decriminalised sex between two people of the same sex in 2018 , which is significant as Section 377A of the Penal Code is similar to Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code .
Gaza Strip with the hinterland also comprising Lydda , Ramleh , Sarona , Tulkarm und Wilhelma .The London Gazette ( 23 December 1932 ) , p .
In the aftermath of the protests , the Toronto Police Service and the Integrated Security Unit ( ISU ) of the G20 Toronto summit were heavily criticized for brutality during the arrests and eventually went under public scrutiny by media and human rights activists .
General elections were held in Palau in 1992 to elect a President , Vice-President , Senate and House of Delegates .
The formation of the Popular Current movement by Nasserism politician Hamdeen Sabahi , the third-place candidate during 2012 presidential elections , was announced in late September 2012 during a conference in Cairo ' s Abdeen Square .
Taylor 's only supporter on the court was John Marshall Harlan , from Kentucky.Klotter in " William Goebel " , pp. 111-114
The DUP was founded on 30 September 1971 by Ian Paisley , leader of the Protestant Unionist Party , and Desmond Boal , formerly of the Ulster Unionist Party .
The North Vietnam was proclaimed in 1945 ; the South Vietnam gained its independence from France in 1954 .
1974 February 1974 United Kingdom general election & amp ; October 1974 United Kingdom general election , 1979 United Kingdom general election
Yadlin obtained a B.A. in Economics and Business Administration at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev .
The protesters included the young Benito Mussolini , then a member of the Italian Socialist Party .
The LU government with Kâmil Pasha as the Grand Vizier was overthrown in a coup d 'état ( also known as the Raid on the Sublime Porte , ) engineered by CUP leaders Enver Pasha and Talaat Pasha , who used the pretext of Kâmil Pasha " dishonoring the nation " by allegedly agreeing to give away Edirne to the Bulgarians .
An election to Belfast Corporation took place in January 1920 as part of 1920 Irish local elections .
He was Prime Minister of France from 1995 to 1997 under President Jacques Chirac , during which period he faced major strikes that paralyzed the country , and became very unpopular .
The county constituency was abolished for the 1997 United Kingdom general election , and the area formerly covered by this constituency is now mostly in Sleaford and North Hykeham .
The billionaire used his own money to advertise extensively , and is the only third-party candidate ever allowed into the nationally televised presidential debates with both major party candidates ( Independent John B. Anderson debated Republican Ronald Reagan in 1980 United States presidential election , but without Democrat Jimmy Carter , who had refused to appear in a three-man debate ) .
The members of their Committee on Resolutions were Clement Vallandigham , Dr. A. Geiger , David A. Houk , Dr. John Kemp , John A. McMahon , Adam Clay , and George V. Naureth .
The First Luther cabinet ( German : " Erstes Kabinett Luther " ) was the 12th democratically elected " Reichsregierung " of the German Reich , during the period in which it is now usually referred to as the Weimar Republic .
" Dr. Jerome Adams , Pence 's state health commissioner , defended Pence 's pace at responding to the situation .
In two oft-recalled lines , Miller said that President George H. W. Bush " just doesn 't get it , " and he remarked of a statement by Vice President Dan Quayle :
After the election in 2005 Aili Keskitalo became president .
In 1772 , Galicia was the largest part of the area annexed by the Habsburg Monarchy in the First Partition of Poland .
Raymond-Theodore Troplong ( October 8 , 1795 - March 1 , 1869 ) was a French Bonapartist politician of the Second French Empire .
With Tom Kahn , Rustin wrote an influential article in 1964 called " From Protest to Politics , " published in " Commentary " magazine ; it analyzed the changing economy and its implications for African Americans .
Former member of parliament from Nagpur , Banawarilal Purohit floated the Vidarbha Rajya Party in 2004 , just before the loksabha elections , with a clear agenda of the separate Vidarbha state .
Between 1954 and 1981 she was a member of Socialist Unity Party of Germany central committee .
The Honorable Esau Khamati Sambayi Oriedo ( 29 January 1888 - 1 December 1992 ) was a consummate founding Kenya statesman , a freedom fighter , a Christian crusader , a philanthropist , an entrepreneur and a trade unionist , a veteran of World War I and World War II as a soldier in the King 's African Rifles ( KAR ) , a barrister , and an anti- colonialism activist .
The Prime Minister of the Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen was the head of government of that country in what is now northern Yemen .
On October 21 , 1977 , President Jimmy Carter nominated Chase as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs .
Kunesh-Podein was first elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives in 2016 , succeeding DFL incumbent Carolyn Laine .
Hummel did so , and his dissertation , " The Autobiography of a Chinese Historian " earned him the Phd degree from the Leiden University in September 23 , 1931 .
Former Ontario Liberal Party of Canada MP Bob Nault and former mayor of Calgary Dave Bronconnier were rumored to be seeking the Liberal nomination .
He was defeated in the 2001 British Columbia general election by Sheila Orr , the same candidate he had faced in the 1996 British Columbia general election .
Fillmore warned that electing the Republican candidate , former California senator John C. Frémont , who had no support in the South , would divide the Union and lead to civil war .
A cult of personality developed in Poland around the figure of Józef Piłsudski , a Polish military commander and politician , starting from the interwar period and continuing after his death in 1935 until the present day .
The president pointed out that there are 98 more Democratic countries in 2006 than there were in 1945 , in addition to Women 's suffrage in Afghanistan , the Purple Revolution in Iraq , and political discourse in Lebanon and Egypt , as evidence that Democracy , freedom , and self-governance have grown throughout the world .
Grewal was born in Osaka , Japan in 1958 .
Eric also plundered in western Estonia ( ON " Aðalsýsla " ) and the island of Saaremaa ( ON " Eysýsla " ) .
The introduction of directly elected mayors in several parts of England has witnessed the election of independents to run councils in Stoke-on-Trent , Middlesbrough , Bedford , Hartlepool and Mansfield .
His son was Slobodan Jovanović , the leading Serbian interwar historian and jurist .
The merger was unpopular with many members of both parties , causing some high-profile GSD members to resign their membership , including deputy leader Keith Azopardi and executive member Nick Cruz , who went on to form the short-lived Progressive Democratic Party .
On June 11 , 2008 , Prime Minister Stephen Harper formally apologized in the House of Commons for the government 's historical role in the Canadian residential school system .
The Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU ) - a member of the South African ruling party African National Congress - sent a fact-finding mission in October 2004 to talk to the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions ( ZCTU ) and research conditions for a fair poll .
ASPA authorizes the U.S. president to use " all means necessary and appropriate to bring about the release of any U.S. or allied personnel being detained or imprisoned by , on behalf of , or at the request of the International Criminal Court .
Rumors circulated that Superintendent of Education and former U.S. Senate candidate , Inez Tenenbaum , might enter the race , but she ultimately chose not to run for governor nor seek re-election to her position .
They were direct descendants of the Robertians kings .
In the late 1980s , he left the ministry , and established Center for Strategic Research under the presidency .
He faced and defeated State Senator Kirk Schuring in the general election .
In 1995 , he co-founded Thornley Fallis , a public relations and social / digital media agency with offices in Toronto and Ottawa .
He also served as a Ontario New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995 .
He was born in 1877 in Agra village of the Greece island Lesbos , then a part of the Ottoman Empire .
The first election was contested by Jerningham Wakefield , who had previously represented Christchurch Country in the 1st Parliament (
He was succeeded by his deputy , Robert Macalister .
Both the Social Democratic Party of Finland and the Finnish Centre Party improved their vote at the expense of the conservative National Coalition Party and the Green League .
Set up in London in June 1940 , it organised and supported the Resistance in occupied France .
This is a list of Members of Parliament ( MPs ) elected to the 20th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1868 United Kingdom general election .
John Heartfield managed a half-hour late delivery of the backdrop , Erwin Piscator , " Das politische Theater " new edition , Hamburg , 1963 , S. 48f .
" Return from the River Kwai " is a 1989 British film directed by Andrew McLaglen and starring Edward Fox , Chris Penn and Timothy Bottoms .
He studied theology at the University of Lausanne , receiving his ordination in 1702 .
Miki discussed the matter behind closed doors with the leader of the Rightist Socialist Party , Inejiro Asanuma .
First District Supervisor Janet Nguyen had resigned when she took office as a member of the California State Senate on December 1 , 2014 to replace the term-limited Lou Correa .
According to its World Wide Fund for Nature classification , Sarek National Park is situated in the Scandinavian Montane Birch forest and grasslands ecoregion , with a minor section in the Scandinavian and Russian taiga .
The scandal robbed Wright 's Democratic party of the " sleaze factor " issue in the 1988 presidential election , thereby handing the election to the Republican George H. W. Bush , according to Black .
Rene Mugenzi was born in Pyatigorsk , Russia to Rwanda n parents .
Wuer Kaixi , Liu Gang , Chai Ling , Zhou Fengsuo , Zhai Weimin , Liang Qingdun , Wang Zhengyun , Zheng Xuguang , Ma Shaofang , Yang Tao , Wang Zhixing , Feng Congde , Wang Chaohua , Wang Youcai , Zhang Zhiqing , Zhang Boli , Li Lu , Zhang Ming , Xiong Wei , and Xiong Yan .
An example of the last is provided by John K. Fairbank : " Warfare was disesteemed in Confucianism ... The resort to warfare ( " wu " ) was an admission of bankruptcy in the pursuit of " wen " civility or culture .
However , in the 1963 Canadian federal election , Social Credit was reduced to 24 seats nationwide , 20 of which were in Quebec .
Linjiang Campaign ( Chinese : 临江战役 ) , also known by the communist s as the Campaign of Going South of the River for Three time to Guard Linjiang for Four Times ( San Xia Jiang Nan , Si Bao Linjiang Zhanyi , 三下江南四保临江战役 ) , was a series of four failed offensives launched by the Kuomintang in an attempt to eliminate the communist base south of Songhua River during the Chinese Civil War .
On 21 March 2020 , in Delhi , all the 22 rebel Congress MLAs joined the Bharatiya Janata Party , in presence of Bharatiya Janata Party 's national president Jagat Prakash Nadda .
In 1974 , McDonald ran for Congress against incumbent John W. Davis in the Democratic primary as a conservative who was opposed to mandatory federal school integration programs .
On his way to Argentina , he visited Italy and Berlin , which increased the suspicions of the French that the SSNP might have been entertaining relations with the Axis powers .
Hoegh-Guldberg is of Danish ancestry and is a direct descendant and namesake of Ove Høegh-Guldberg , a politician in late 18th Century Denmark .
) of Queens ; RoAnn Destito ( Dem .
The soundtrack features the vocal talents of Mohit Chauhan , Shreya Ghoshal , Mahalakshmi Iyer , Raman Mahadevan , Shankar Mahadevan and classical singer Channulal Mishra .
The two main founders were former head of states François Mitterrand ( France ) and Helmut Kohl ( Germany ) .
In 2000 , he married Susan Glasser in a civil ceremony.sup 3 / sup His wife has been a reporter and assistant managing editor at " The Washington Post " , the editor-in-chief of " Foreign Policy " magazine , the founding editor of " Politico Magazine " and the editor of Politico .
He had been seen with BJP leaders at an event and had expressed admiration for Shatrughan Sinha , the BJP MP for Patna .
First , a radical liberal nationalism emerged and was a dominant voice in the political discourse of Lower Canada from the early 19th century to the 1830s .
In 1939 , Petit traveled to Nazi Germany to work in the " World Center of Anti-Semitic Propaganda .
During the period of the Roman Kingdom , the King of Rome was the principal executive magistrate .
Client kingdoms under Roman Republic and Empire , British Empire ' s colonial relationship with King Farouk of Egypt , in the 1950s , is an example of the second type .
On March 2 , 2000 , President Clinton nominated Campbell to the Eighth Circuit vacancy created by the retirement of George Gardner Fagg .
Organise Aotearoa has received media coverage in New Zealand and Brazil for their direct action interventions on several issues .
The SDP has a close relationship with Finland 's largest trade union confederation , SAK , and is a member of the Socialist International , the Party of European Socialists , and SAMAK .
Angola was a colony of Portugal for more than 400 years , beginning the 15th century .
Following the 2013 Czech legislative election , Sobotka was appointed prime minister on 17 January 2014 by the Miloš Zeman and twelve days later formed centre-left Coalition Government consisting ČSSD , ANO 2011 and KDU-ČSL .
The conflict also has ethnic undertones , as the reason no coalition government has been formed was due to the demand for the Albanian language to be the second official language in Government of the Republic of Macedonia , and due to attempts by opposition leader Zoran Zaev to form a coalition government with Albanian ethnic parties .
Sección Femenina was founded in 1934 .
Accordingly , they did not come into effect for the 2019 United Kingdom general election which took place on 12 December 2019 , and which was contested using the constituency boundaries in place since 2010 .
His health declined during this period , so much so that the Assistant Chief Whip , Bertie Ahern , was doing most of Moore 's work .
" He also promised to pay four lakhs rupees in return for the evacuation of the stronghold of Guwahati .Bhuyan Dr. S.K. Tunkhungia Buranji or A History of Assam ( 1681-1826 ) second edition 1968 Department of HISTORICAL AND ANTIQUARIAN STUDIES IN ASSAM Guwahati page 10 Laluksola Borphukan kept his communications with the Mughal Empire secret from his subordinate officers and outwardly expressed his concern among them about the ministerial dictatorship of Atan Burhagohain .Bhuyan S. K. ATAN BURAGOHAIN AND HIS TIMES , Lawyers book stall , 1957 page 145-151
Veldkamp applied at the Tilburg University in September 1945 majoring in Economics and obtaining an Bachelor of Economics degree in August 1946 and worked as a student researcher before graduating with an Master of Economics degree in May 1948 and continued his study at the Tilburg Catholic Economic University where worked as a researcher until he got a doctorate as an Doctor of Philosophy in Microeconomics on 10 November 1949 .
The IPP leader John Redmond insisted that if any part of Ireland was to be excluded from Dublin 's jurisdiction it should only be those limited areas in the north-east with clear Unionist majorities .
It also stars Gerard Butler as Tullus Aufidius , Vanessa Redgrave as Volumnia , and Brian Cox as Menenius .
From 1942 to 1943 the Czechoslovakia had their own Special Training School ( STS ) at Chicheley Hall in Buckinghamshire .
Born in Peshawar , British Raj to a Kashmiri family , Shah studied at Edwardes Mission School in Peshawar and moved to Lahore where he studied English literature at the Government College .
The University of Kikwit ( UNIKI ) is a public university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , located in the province of Bandundu , city of Kikwit .
Beazley was replaced by Kevin Rudd in December 2006 , following a spate of poor opinion polling .
Stanislav Bondarenko ( born 29 August 1987 in Zaporizhia , Ukraine ) is a Ukraine judoka .
During the presidency of George W. Bush , the evolving New Democrat or economically liberal movement was dominated by socially liberal fiscal conservatives on Wall Street and in Silicon Valley .
Of the two claimants , one was supported by Tanjore Marathas and the other by Madurai and the Tondaiman of Pudukkottai State .
After ineffectual protest against the decision of the synods , the elder Maty sought refuge in England , but was unable to find patronage there , and had to return to The Hague , whence his enemies drove him to Leiden .
After the war , he briefly resided in Belgrade , and in 1947 he moved to Sarajevo , where he was the professor of High School of Pedagogy and Faculty of Philology , art director of Bosna Film , chief of the drama section of the National Theater , and chief editor of the publishing house " Svjetlost " .
HRW also documented attempts by the Congolese government to persecute members of the opposition , such as banning Moïse Katumbi from entering the country and forcefully dispersing a rally in support of Jean-Pierre Bemba .. Retrieved 30 August 2018 .
He began his career as a dissident working towards the independence and unity of the Ottoman Empire ' s Arab territories and was consequently imprisoned and tortured for his activism .
In both the 1952 United States presidential election and 1956 United States presidential election , his running mate was Samuel H. Friedman .
When Lim began work in the police in the 1950s , one of his first accomplishments was arresting future senator Robert Barbers for illegal possession of firearms .
It was only in 1958 that a faction of the party allied with banned Peronists ( the so-called Intransigent Radical Civic Union , founded in 1956 ) came back to power , led by Arturo Frondizi .
Francis Mackenzie , MP for Ross-shire 1784-90 and 1794-96 , who became deaf and almost dumb from scarlet fever at about age of 12 .
Lee Yong ( ) ( born April 7 , 1888 - died August 18 , 1954 ) was a Korean Independence activist and politician , son of Yi Tjoune , famous for being Hague envoy .
In the Obama campaign , his spouse , Michelle Obama , travelled once to Puerto Rico .
In 1867 , Smith , together with Horace Greeley and Cornelius Vanderbilt , helped to underwrite the $ 100,000 bond needed to free Jefferson Davis , who had , at that time , been imprisoned for nearly two years without being charged with any crime.Renehan , p.11 In doing this , Smith incurred the resentment of Northern Radical Republicans leaders .
In 2009 she headed the Sicilian Democratic Party list in the 2009 European Parliament election in Italy , and subsequently became a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) .
In contrast to Hamilton and the Federalist Party was Thomas Jefferson and James Madison ' s opposing political party , the Democratic-Republican Party .
After Rhodesia proclaimed its Unilateral Declaration of Independence from Britain in 1965 , Portugal supported it economically and militarily through neighbouring Portuguese Mozambique until 1975 , even though it never officially recognised the new Rhodesian state , which was governed by a white minority elite .
The NUP was founded in 1988 as a proxy party of the military and the formerly ruling Burma Socialist Programme Party ( BSPP ) to contest the 1990 general election .
While it is generally accepted that the Provisional IRA was a group committed to Irish republicanism and Irish nationalism , it has been suggested that as far as Socialism goes , the IRA has paralleled Sinn Féin , in that it has flirted with socialism when politically opportune and moved away from it when not , towards social democracy .
Biafra told an audience at a speaking gig in Trenton , New Jersey , that the remaining Dead Kennedys have licensed their single " Too Drunk to Fuck " to be used in a rape scene in a Robert Rodriguez movie .
The documents were initially anonymously sourced , but later found to have been obtained by climate scientist Peter Gleick .
The Posse Comitatus made national news when , on February 13 , 1983 , former Posse member Gordon Kahl killed two federal marshals who had come to arrest him in North Dakota and became a fugitive .
The Cantonal Council of Solothurn ( ) is the legislature of the canton of Solothurn , in Switzerland .
After his second term in the Chamber , he ran for the Senate receiving more than half of his votes from the department of Cesar and Bogotá , where he got the highest vote for someone from the Caribbean Region .
The position has been held by Kemi Badenoch since 13 February 2020 .
DUP leader , Ian Paisley kept his long held seat in North Antrim , as did DUP deputy leader Peter Robinson in East Belfast .
The Miꞌkmaq-Nova Scotia-Canada Tripartite Forum was established in 1997 to provide the Miꞌkmaq , Nova Scotia and Canada a place to resolve issues of mutual concern .
He lost to Republican nominee Deb Fischer .
Although the current Ukrainian state emerged fairly recently , some historians , such as Mykhailo Hrushevsky , Orest Subtelny and Paul Robert Magocsi , have cited the medieval state of Kievan Rus ' as an early precedent of specifically Ukrainian statehood .
It is an unauthorised biography of the Leader of the British Labour Party , Jeremy Corbyn .
She is the older sister of Owen Cavanaugh ( Dallas Roberts ) , whom she loves very much , having grown close during their parents ' separation , despite his tendency to meddle in her personal life .
On May 17 , 2017 , it was reported that Lieberman was a frontrunner to replace FBI Director James Comey , who was fired by President Donald Trump on May 9 , 2017 .
Founded in 1975 , the Aguda is based in Tel Aviv and focuses on volunteer-based initiatives and services for the LGBT community .
" Quem votar em mim , por favor , vote também na Roseana , " diz Lula , 24 de outubro de 2006 , Folha de S.Paulo. But Maranhão 's Libertation Front , wins on second round , Roseana Sarney lost to Jackson Lago .
She studied at the Moldova State University and completed postgraduate studies at King 's College London .
This seems unlikely , as in 1890 Germany already controlled German East Africa , now Tanzania , and Sudan was independent under Muhammad Ahmad .
Robredo entered high school at the Ateneo de Naga University in 1970 and was in junior year when President Ferdinand Marcos declared martial law in September 1972 .
The play imagines a conversation between two teenagers , Nazi victim Anne Frank and Jim Crow victim Emmett Till .
He came in second place by a slim margin over Lourdes Flores , and faced Ollanta Humala in a run-off election on June 4 .
In the presidential election , Republican President Dwight D. Eisenhower defeated Democratic former Governor Adlai Stevenson II of Illinois in a re-match of the 1952 United States presidential election .
On April 1 , comedian Rick Mercer suggested over Twitter hosting a one-on-one debate between Stephen Harper and Michael Ignatieff at Toronto 's Massey Hall .
In 1996 , the then Secretary of State for Wales , William Hague , ordered a Tribunal of Inquiry into allegations of hundreds of cases of child abuse in care homes in former county council areas of Clwyd and Gwynedd between 1974 and 1990 .
Military forces from other Axis powers , including Italy , Hungary , and Bulgaria made few gains during the invasion .
" Bundeskanzleramt " is also the name of the building in Berlin that houses the personal offices of the Chancellor and the Chancellery staff .
Then he removed to New York City and became a member of Tammany Hall .
In the 2015 Hong Kong local elections , Youngspiration fielded nine candidates , in which three of them ran against the pan-democratic Democratic Party .
An attempt to re-engage her in 1913 was unsuccessful , and Marion Phillips was appointed to succeed her.Collette , pp. 132-34
During the 1970s , Flores became involved in Honduran political life , joining the Liberal Party of Honduras .
The Zimmerwald Conference elected Angelica Balabanoff , Odino Morgari and Charles Naine to the Commission , with the Swiss socialist Robert Grimm as chairman and Balabanoff as interpreter.Olga Hess Gankin and H.H. Fisher eds , " The Bolsheviks and the First World War : the origins of the Third International " Stanford University Press , 1940 pp.325-6 The Committee was charged with setting up a temporary secretariat and publishing a bulletin .
Bombay Legislative Assembly came into existence in 1937 , as the legislature of Bombay Presidency , a province of British India .
He also split from the National Alliance for the Rapid Realization of Korean Independence to form the Korea Independence Party .
Sima Qian praised Marquess Wen of Wei for his eagerness to learn .
They began networking with one another across the Northwest Territories , Quebec and Labrador and in 1982 , the Tunngavik Federation of Nunavut , or " TFN " had been incorporated to take over the claim negotiation mandate from the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami .
His experience was overall positive , and while unimpressed with the members of Mosley 's British Union of Fascists , he was reminded of his own New Guardmen when he attended an Imperial Fascist League meeting .
Askaran was born a younger son of Bhim Singh , Raja of Jaipur State .
In the same letter , King John promised to send priests more worthy than Bermudes , and during his reign two different groups of Society of Jesus arrived in Ethiopia .
" In 2003 , former Reagan adviser Bruce Bartlett wrote in National Review that " TEFRA raised taxes by $ 37.5 billion per year , " elaborating , " according to a recent Treasury Department study , TEFRA alone raised taxes by almost 1 percent of the gross domestic product , making it the largest peacetime tax increase in American history .
Ujazdów Castle ( ) is a castle in the historic Ujazdów district , between Ujazdów Park ( " Park Ujazdowski " ) and the Royal Baths Park ( " Łazienki Królewskie " ) , in Warsaw , Poland .
He is an alumnus of Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government and the University of Minnesota 's Hubert H. Humphrey School of Public Affairs .
In the 1945 Canadian federal election , he ran as the Social Credit candidate in the Ontario riding of Grey North , coming in last place with 250 votes .
The Inner Austrian territory stretched from the northern border with the Archduchy of Austria on the Alpine divide over Upper and Lower Styria down to Carniola , where the Lower and White Carniola n lands ( the former Windic March ) bordered on the Habsburg Kingdom of Croatia .
and James Brown , both of whom married cousins of Benton .
On September 11 , 2012 , advisory board member Glen Doherty , a Roman Catholic , died in the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi , Libya .
The Antigua and Barbuda Labour Party government was elected with fourteen seats .
Brief informal discussions did take place with Secretary of State William H. Seward through Supreme Court Justice John Archibald Campbell , the latter of whom later resigned from the federal government , as he was from Alabama .
On 4 November 2016 , the Nottingham Post reported that Assombalonga had accepted a call-up to the DR Congo national side for their away game against Guinea on 13 November .
Inscriptions and historical sources assert that the Medieval Cholas king Rajendra Chola I sent a naval expedition to Indochina , the Malay Peninsula and Indonesia in 1025 in order to subdue Srivijaya .
Most infamously , Alexander personally killed the man who had saved his life at Granicus , Cleitus the Black , during a violent drunken altercation at Maracanda ( modern day Samarkand in Uzbekistan ) , in which Cleitus accused Alexander of several judgmental mistakes and most especially , of having forgotten the Macedonian ways in favour of a corrupt oriental lifestyle .
The presidency of Peru and the Congress of Peru have been in conflict since the beginning of the tenure of former President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski in 2016 .
As per orders of the Delimitation Commission , No. 240 Baghmundi ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is composed of the following : Jhalda municipality ; Jhalda I and Baghmundi community development blocks ; Hetgugui and Sirkabad gram panchayat s of Arsha community development block .
In 2017 , Nagmanai by merged his party Samras Samaj Party and calling Kushwaha to be next Chief Minister of Bihar .
At the end of 1947 he was dismissed by the Soviet occupation forces and he joined the CDU in West Berlin .
On 9 June , a mixed force of British , French and Italian destroyers shelled the Austro-Hungarian signal station at Cape Rondini in Albania .
Ahead of the 1996 primary contest , Republican Leader of the United States Senate and former vice-presidential candidate Bob Dole was seen as the most likely winner .
Since then , the Green Party of the United States has claimed electoral victories at the municipal , county and state levels .
His first political endeavor came in 1848 United States presidential election , when he made campaign speeches on behalf of Zachary Taylor and Millard Fillmore .
No such a coalition government as ever been formed at the national level , though it was proposed by then- Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy during the 2015-2016 government formation process .
The two Scottish by-elections , 2008 Glenrothes by-election and 2008 Glasgow East by-election , saw decreases in the Liberal Democrat vote , 8 % and 10 % respectively .
He retired from Payyannur College , Kannur after over 30 years of teaching service in the year 1989 .
In 1983 , Galloway attempted to stand for the safe Labour seat of Rhondda after the Welsh Transport and General Workers ' Union and the National Union of Miners had both nominated him to succeed Alec Jones , who had died .
" 1860 and its now housed at the Museum Georg Schäfer , in Schweinfurt , Germany .
Following the Kushite conquest , Egypt experienced another period of independent native rule before being conquered by the Achaemenid Empire , whose rulers also adopted the title of " Pharaoh .
On election night , former Movie and Television Review and Classification Board chairperson Grace Poe , daughter of defeated 2004 presidential candidate .
Hamburg , Hesse , Lower Saxony , North Rhine-Westphalia , Rhineland-Palatinate , Schleswig-Holstein , Württemberg-Baden , and Württemberg-Hohenzollern .These states formed the initial " Geltungsbereich " ( field of application ) of the Basic Law .
The Lahore treaty was quickly ratified by the parliaments of India and Pakistan and came into force the same year .
" Unlike most prior work , " The American Voter " was the first book to systematically analyze quantitative data at the national level from three presidential elections ( 1948 United States presidential election , 1952 United States presidential election , and 1956 United States presidential election ) .
Insley supported the creation of the Conservative Party of Canada in 2003 , as a merger of the federal Progressive Conservative Party of Canada with the Canadian Alliance ( " Windsor Star " , 9 December 2003 ) .
In October 1938 , Coulondre was appointed the French ambassador to Germany as the French Premier Édouard Daladier was determined to wrestle control of foreign policy from his appeasement-minded foreign minister Georges Bonnet and felt that replacing André François-Poncet as ambassador to Berlin with Coulondre , a diplomat known for anti-Nazi views , was a way of weakening Bonnet .
In 1993 , the band drew the attention of Trent Reznor , who produced their 1994 debut album " Portrait of an American Family " and released it on his Nothing Records label .
At a missile base in Russia , SS-18 ICBMs are being decommissioned .
The coalition was founded in 1946 as an alliance of the National Unionist Party , the Democratic Socialist Party of Greece and the Liberal Party of Venizelists .
When Sanader resigned in July 2009 she remained a minister in the cabinet of his successor as Prime Minister , Jadranka Kosor .
After being assistant at Strasburg , in 1893 he became Professor at University of Greifswald .
John , the second oldest child , also played hockey and won two Canadian university championships while attending the University of Toronto .
Initially , it existed until the 1890 New Zealand general election and during that time , it was represented by four MPs .
" To Be or Not to Be " is a 1942 American black comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Carole Lombard , Jack Benny , Robert Stack , Felix Bressart , Lionel Atwill , Stanley Ridges and Sig Ruman .
Edward Tiffin ( June 19 , 1766August 9 , 1829 ) was a Democratic-Republican Party politician from Ohio , and first Governor of the state .
The United States Democratic Party and American liberalism are also important sources of inspiration .
AIQ has attracted controversy over its involvement in the Vote Leave and BeLeave campaigns in 2016 and the Cambridge Analytica scandal that broke out in 2018 .
The People 's Charter was the brainchild of interim Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama , head of the Republic of Fiji Military Forces , who overthrew the 2006 Fijian general election Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase in December 2006 .
However , with the re-emergence of Hanson 's One Nation party at the 2001 Western Australian state election , the party again came together and put together a large slate of candidates for the federal election that year .
Cuccinelli and McAuliffe appeared Tuesday , August 6 , 2013 , at the Norfolk Waterside Marriott in Norfolk , Virginia at an event hosted by Tidewater Community College .
During this era a focus on exercise , non-use of tobacco , and the elimination of coffee , tea , sugar , meat and spice from a diet , called " Grahamism , " - named after reformer Sylvester Graham - was promoted .
On February 17 , 2016 , she was interviewed by American University journalism professor Charles Lewis , the founder of the Center for Public Integrity , at a public discussion of her career and " Dark Money " that was broadcast on C-Span .
Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator David Boren decided to resign his position to accept the position as President of the University of Oklahoma , which prompted a special election .
As Israel controls most of the Palestinian territories as constituting the State of Palestine , most missions to the latter are officially termed Representative Offices due to Israel not recognizing a Palestinian state , although this is without prejudice to their official statuses .
It was under his governing that Jeannette Rankin became the first female Congress member .
In 2004 , he starred in the film " Shukriya : Till Death Do Us Apart " which also starred Aftab Shivdasani , Shriya Saran and Anupam Kher .
( After losing the 1978 Senate election to Rudy Boschwitz , he resigned a few days before the end of his term to give Boschwitz seniority .
He worked to narrow the post- Suez Crisis ( 1956 ) rift with the United States , where his wartime friendship with Dwight D. Eisenhower was key ; the two had a productive conference in Bermuda as early as March 1957 .
To replace him , State Representative Roy Barnes won the Democratic Party 's nomination after a close and highly contested primary election , while businessman Guy Millner , who had run for Governor and the United States Senate in the previous four years , won the nomination of the Republican Party .
Such happenings caused a massive political instability and Francisco Pinto Balsemão , a senior official of the Social Democratic Party , the largest party in the Alliance , became Prime Minister .
Another aspect of the anti-Hungarian sentiment was the hatred of all the statues and monuments representing Austria-Hungary or Hungarian historical people .
He opposed the government 's moves to restrict immigration , join the European Communities ( or " Common Market " as they were referred to ) and reform the trade unions , was against the Vietnam War and Rhodesia ' s unilateral declaration of independence , and denounced the Soviet suppression of " socialism with a human face " in Czechoslovakia in 1968 .
In 1974 , Murdoch moved to New York City , to expand into the U.S. market ; however , he retained interests in Australia and United Kingdom .
Incumbent Democrat Patrick Leahy won re-election to a fourth term , beating Republican Secretary of State of Vermont Jim Douglas .
The original Carrington-Cutileiro peace plan , named for its authors Lord Carrington and Portugal ambassador José Cutileiro , resulted from the EC Peace Conference held in February 1992 in an attempt to prevent Bosnia-Herzegovina sliding into war .
In the 19th legislative district , Democratic incumbent William Russell Robinson was defeated by Jake Wheatley , a staffer for Pittsburgh City Councilman Sala Udin , a Robinson rival .
As another user pointed out , this article is longer than the article we have for Thurgood Marshall .
She also leased the Moses Montefiore orchard from Yehuda Halevi Margoza .
Reconfiguring the nation 's defences to meet the realities of the nuclear age , he ended National Service , strengthened the nuclear forces by acquiring Polaris , and pioneered the Nuclear Test Ban with the United States and the Soviet Union .
Her contacts with Zia dated back to the early 1970s , when he , as brigadier-general , was a contingent commander of Pakistani military formations in Jordan .
Minachi was one of the bazaar leaders during the reign of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and cofounded the Hosseiniyeh Ershad , a nontraditional Islamic organization in Tehran .
The 1966 coup d 'état against the moderate President Arturo Illia was carried out largely as a reaction to Illia 's decision to honor local and legislative elections in which Peronists , officially banned from political activity following the violent overthrow of President Juan Perón in 1955 , did well in .
On November 14 , 1897 , Henry declared her willingness to be nominated as the Prohibition Party candidate for president .
In 1859 the first representatives of the Anglican Communion , the Rev. , later Bishop , Channing Moore Williams and the Rev. John Liggins of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America arrived in Nagasaki , Japan .
A brief invasion by Greece troops followed and , although they did not stay long following condemnation by the League of Nations , the country was left crippled by debt and Tsankov was removed from office after failing to secure a loan for the country .
Later in the same year , he became the Minister for Culture in the centre-right government led by prime minister Janez Janša .
They defeated Rajiv Gandhi ' s Congress ( I ) in the 1989 parliamentary elections .
at the Amahoro Stadium in Kigali .
In 1992 , almost all Democrats elected to Congress won more votes in their congressional districts than the party 's presidential candidate , Bill Clinton ; that may have had to do with the presence of a strong third-party presidential candidate , Ross Perot .
From 1992 to 1993 , he was Chief of Staff to Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
Following the election , the newly elected Assembly convened on 11 April , electing a new administration with General Secretary Pol Pot as Prime Minister and his interim predecessor Khieu Samphan as President of the State Presidium , ousting Prince of Cambodia Norodom Sihanouk .
The chain connected the three Baltic capitals - Vilnius , Riga , and Tallinn .
A member of the Democratic Party of Arkansas , Bookout served as an Arkansas Representative from 1999 until 2004 and as an Arkansas Senator from 2006 to 2013 .
In the Netherlands the municipal council ( Dutch : " gemeenteraad " ) is the elected assembly of the municipality .
At the First Congress of the Communist Party in Shanghai , Chen was elected ( in absentia ) as the party 's first General Secretary ; and , with the assistance of Li Dazhao , he developed what would become a crucial cooperative relationship with the International Communist Movement , the Comintern .
The first event of the D5 was held in London on 9 and 10 December 2014 with delegates from the five founding nations attending , as well as the United States , who were there as observers ; the event was hosted by the UK 's Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude .
He went to college at Columbia University ( B.A. 1960 ) and Harvard Divinity School ( B.D. 1963 under G. Ernest Wright ) .
In 2011 , " Libya , Libya , Libya " was declared as the new national anthem of Libya by the National Transitional Council .
During the American Civil War , the Garibaldi Guard , composed of European immigrants , from New York City , served in the Union Army , wearing the red , Garibaldi shirts , as a part of their battle dress uniforms .
The MacArthur Amendment , developed by Representative Tom MacArthur of the Tuesday Group ( representing more moderate Republicans ) and Representative Mark Meadows of the Freedom Caucus ( representing the hard-line right ) .
The funeral of Ali-Agha Shikhlinski , who died of cardiosclerosis in the hospital now named after Musa Naghiyev on August 18 , 1943 , and was organized by philosopher Heydar Huseynov himself .
The member for The Glebe was James Hogue ( Liberal Reform ) .
Anti-miscegenation laws were first introduced in North America from the late seventeenth century onwards by several of the Thirteen Colonies , and subsequently by many US states and US territories and remained in force in many US states until 1967 .
New Zealand is a sovereign Oceanic country that adopted its multicultural policies post World War II .
The Mayor of Pisa is an elected politician who , along with the Pisa 's City Council , is accountable for the strategic government of Pisa in Tuscany , Italy .
In the Congress he sat as a deputy for Madrid from 1977-1979 and from 1982 onwards and represented Zaragoza between 1979 and 1982 .
Bulgaria had been a widely autonomous Principality of Bulgaria since , it had unified with the Bulgarian -majority Ottoman autonomous province of Eastern Rumelia .
In February 2010 , Faulkner announced his candidacy to run as the Republican , Conservative Party of New York State and Jobs Now nominee , challenging Democratic and Working Families incumbent Charlie Rangel for
The Second Federal Executive Council of Džemal Bijedić was the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ' s national government from 16 May 1974 to 16 May 1978 .
Contrary to popular belief , Westphalia still embodied layered systems of sovereignty , especially within the Holy Roman Empire .Stéphane Beaulac : " The Westphalian Model in defining International Law : Challenging the Myth , " " Australian Journal of Legal History " Vol .
Montenegrin Party ( / " Crnogorska partija " , CP ) is a Montenegrin minority political party in Serbia .
The 1904 United States presidential election in California refers to how California participated in the 1904 United States presidential election .
Scholar Ljubomir Stojanović compiled old manuscripts and arranged them in 7 volumes under the umbrella title " Old Serbian records and inscriptions " , which were published by the Serbian Royal Academy from 1902 to 1927 as part of its edition " Collection for history , language and literature " .
In 1941 the World War II Axis powers occupied the Drava Banovina , and it was divided largely between Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy , while Hungary occupied Prekmurje and the Independent State of Croatia occupied some smaller border areas .
Born in Glasgow , McLennan worked as an engineering draughtsperson before taking on various full-time posts within the CPGB .
He was also a member of the presidency of the Evangelical Church in Germany , an adviser to the World Bank , and a delegate to the Stockholm UN environment conference of 1972 .
The City of Botany Bay was a local government area in the eastern region of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Homer Saquilayan wiki article
Following preparatory talks in Bonn ( in Germany ) , Bangkok and Barcelona , the 2009 conference was held in December 2009 in Copenhagen , Denmark , and the treaty succeeding the Kyoto Protocol had been expected to be adopted there .
The Convention Muslim League ( CML ) was a faction of the Pakistan Muslim League that split-off in 1962 , in support of the military regime of the President of Pakistan , General Ayub Khan .
According to the Carnegie Middle East Center , the PYD members suffered years of violent repression at the hands of the Syrian regime .
Laos is the only net exporter of power in the Mekong Region and has been nicknamed the " Battery of Asia , " selling power to Thailand , Vietnam , Cambodia , and China .
Grigoris Lambrakis ( ; 3 April 1912 - 27 May 1963 ) was a Greece politician , physician , track and field athlete , and member of the faculty of the School of Medicine at the University of Athens .
Warrick County was organized in 1813 and Boon was appointed by Governor Thomas Posey to the position of County Treasurer .
The 50th New Zealand Parliament was elected at the 2011 New Zealand general election .
Morley and Leeds South ( often known as Leeds South and Morley ) was a borough constituency in West Yorkshire , which returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1983 United Kingdom general election until it was abolished for the 1997 United Kingdom general election .
HUAC is best known for its investigations of Alger Hiss and the Hollywood film industry , which led to the blacklisting of hundreds of actors , writers , and directors .
During Mandalika I 's reign , in 1299 CE , Gujarat was conquered by Ulugh Khan and Nusrat Khan Jalesari , the generals of Delhi Sultanate Alauddin Khalji .
Buck McKeon ( R ) represented the district from 1993 until he retired in 2014 .
In the March 2004 election , the ALP was defeated by the United Progressive Party ( UPP ) led by Baldwin Spencer .
Independent Senator Reg Turnbull was defending one seat .
Organizations which advocate for an anti-corporate personhood amendment to the Constitution include Move to Amend , Wolf PAC , Mayday PAC and American Promise .
In Russia , the term is applied to the inhabited localities , which serve as a seat of government of entities of various levels .
The " February Revolution " which triggered the French king 's abdication also sparked a series of uprisings in the component states of the German Confederation .
Forn contested the 1999 Spanish local elections as a Convergence and Union ( CiU ) electoral alliance candidate in Barcelona and was elected .
In the parliamentary elections in 1997 , the Democratic Left Alliance did not put it on its lists .
The Bishop of Nitra , Imre Bende , offered Tiso a chance to study for the priesthood at the prestigious Pázmáneum in Vienna .Ward ( 2013 ) p .
Following Sweden 's 2006 Swedish general election , in which the Social Democratic Party lost power , former Prime Minister Göran Persson announced his withdrawal from politics in March 2007 .
Julius Vogel was made treasurer , thereby gaining a considerable measure of power in the administration .
In May 2012 it suspended backbencher Craig Thomson from the Australian Labor Party as evidence mounted that he had defrauded the Health Services Union .
Nationals of member states of the European Economic Area other than British and Irish nationals have the right to freely enter and reside in Ireland under European Union law ( and had the same right in the UK while the latter was a member of the EU ) .
In France , the rank of " prince du sang " was the highest held at court after the immediate family of the king during the " ancien régime " and the Bourbon Restoration .
The position of the Central Committee of the official pan-Diaspora Armenian Democratic Liberal Party ( ADL - Ramgavar Party ) was unfavourable .
Director George McCowan chose to hide his involvement by using the pseudonym Alan Smithee ( spelled Allen Smithee in the credits ) .
Market populism , coined by Thomas Frank , is the concept that the free market is more democratic than any democracy .
" Giarabub " is a 1942 Italian war film directed by Goffredo Alessandrini and starring Carlo Ninchi , Mario Ferrari and Doris Duranti .Gundle p.237 The film was a propaganda work which portrayed the Siege of Giarabub ( 1940-41 ) during the Second World War , in which Italian troops defended the Jaghbub , Libya for nine months against British forces .
In Germany , local municipalities withdrew permits for Justice Minister Bekir Bozdağ ' s campaign event in Gaggenau and Economy Minister Nihat Zeybekçi ' s event in Cologne .
In August that year , the Protectionists split with radical liberals , Isaac Isaacs and William Lyne , aligning with the Labor Party against the Free Trade Party of George Reid .
Batory then launched a series of offensives against Muscovy in the campaign seasons of 1579-81 , trying to cut the Kingdom of Livonia from Muscovite territories .
He spent three years as a prisoner of war in Russia , returning to Austria in 1917 .
In May 2019 , Republican Florida Governor Ron DeSantis announced Russians hacked voting databases in two Florida counties prior to the 2016 United States presidential election and no election results were compromised .
Apna Dal made a mark in the Varanasi - Mirzapur region , the hometown of Sone Lal Patel .
Harshada Rege writing for " The Times of India " gave the film three stars out of five , praising performance of Chiranjeevi and Kichcha Sudeep , Rege noted that film was jingoistic in parts .
That year , Blackwell considered a run for governor , but Ohio Republican Party chairman Robert T. Bennett persuaded Blackwell to run for secretary of state instead , leaving the governorship open to Bob Taft .
In Alabama , marches took place in Birmingham , Mobile , Dothan , Montgomery , Selma , Jasper , and Florence .
Danziger lampooned the George W. Bush administration in many of his cartoons , some of which are collected in the anthologies " Wreckage Begins with ' W and " Blood , Debt and Fears .
Global stars such as Sergei Bondarchuk , Yul Brynner , Franco Nero , Orson Welles , etc. flocked to communist Yugoslavia attracted by the huge sums of money being offered .
Wallis translated into Latin works of Ptolemy , Bryennius , and Porphyrius 's commentary on Ptolemy .
Inquisitive and probing , she was also quick to laugh and often referred to as " mother " by her interns , such as Christine Todd Whitman .
The rising sectarianism feared by the Alawite community has led to speculation of a re-creation of the Alawite State as a safe haven for Assad and the leadership should Damascus finally fall .
When Aberdeen South was created by the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 and first used in the 1885 United Kingdom general election , so was Aberdeen North .
Placed on 18th position on the party list of Petro Poroshenko Bloc , Zalishchuk was elected to the 8th Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada during the 2014 Ukrainian parliamentary election .
He has since led the organisations Prisoners Abroad ( 1989-1993 ) , the Immigration Advisory Service ( 1993-2009 ) , Freedom from Torture ( 2010-2014 ) and SurvivorsUK ( 2015-2018 ) .
In Italy , direct elections were held in 948 municipalities : in each municipality ( " comune " ) were chosen mayor and members of the City Council .
In 1909 , McNutt entered Indiana University where he was active in campus politics , acted in student theater productions and was a close friend and Beta Theta Pi fraternity brother of Wendell Willkie , future Republican candidate for president of the United States who , like McNutt , was then a Democrat .
These groups include the Second Amendment Sisters , Second Amendment Foundation , Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership , and the Pink Pistols .
In 1992 , Cronin won the Republican nomination to regain his old seat against a weak incumbent Chester G. Atkins .
His son Frederick ruled as a Moravia n prince of Olomouc from 1164 onwards .
From 1826 to 1830 , he was a Lord of the Bedchamber and then a Lord-in-waiting from 1840 to 1841 , his last office being that of Lord Lieutenant of Aberdeenshire from 1861 until his death .
He lobbied a variety of Arizona groups to make land available and touting the favorable year-round flying weather , he assisted with the creation of a number of military bases throughout his home state , including the Luke Air Force Base and Williams Air Force Base training bases .
Centre for Fair Political Analysis ( Méltányosság Politikaelemző Központ ) is the first Hungary think tank specializing specifically on the study of social and political cohesion .
In 1961 , he ran for leadership of the Social Credit Party , but lost to Robert N. Thompson , a Social Credit MP from Alberta .
Her period as minister ended with the defeat of the John Howard government at the 2007 Australian federal election .
Parra was followed by General Julián Trujillo Largacha , who in 1878 had won the support of the moderate faction of the liberal party .
During the early 1950s the East German leadership revisited the party ructions which had led the Communist Party of Germany to split in 1928 / 29 : surviving former KPO activists from that time were subjected to a succession of investigations and reprisals .
In the Republic of Ireland , the head of a borough corporation was called " mayor " from the Municipal Corporations ( Ireland ) Act 1840 until boroughs were abolished by the Local Government Reform Act 2014 .
Jay Tysick , the party 's first leader , is a former member of the Progressive Conservatives and chief of staff for Ottawa City Council lor Rick Chiarelli .
Politically , the society backed the government of Patrice MacMahon and balked at the restoration a French monarch , partially because of the division amongst monarchist ranks over which family ( House of Orléans , Bourbon , or House of Bonaparte ) should accede to the throne .
Fine Gael leader Garret FitzGerald convened the New Ireland Forum in 1983 and negotiated the Anglo-Irish Agreement .
In 1474 Lauenburg 's liege lord Emperor Frederick III elevated Christian I as Count of Holstein to Duke of Duchy of Holstein , thus becoming an immediate imperial vassal ( see imperial immediacy ) .
In 1913 Drummond and Annie Kenney arranged for WSPU representatives to speak with leading politicians David Lloyd George and Sir Edward Grey .
The second elected SPD mayor , the devoted anti-communist Ernst Reuter , was vetoed by the Soviet commander , so Louise Schroeder ( SPD ) officiated as only acting lord mayor .
" She stated that her goal would be achieving 100 % of U.S. electricity from renewable energy sources , and that she supports a Green New Deal , an idea made popular by first term Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez , because " climate change is an existential threat to all of us .
Oliver Cyril Spencer Watson VC DSO ( 7 September 1876 & amp ; ndash ; 28 March 1918 ) was an English posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth of Nations forces .
Students of Kasetsart University , Silpakorn University , and Srinakharinwirot University lit " candles for peace " at their Bangkok campuses as part of their political action .
All 110 elected representatives were described as " loyal " to President Alexander Lukashenko .
The Falange Nacional showed their centrist policies by supporting leftist Juan Antonio Ríos ( Radical Party of Chile ) in the 1942 presidential elections but Conservative Eduardo Cruz-Coke in the 1946 elections .
In March , 2007 , she was one of five scholars selected to deliver presentations during the 200th Anniversary of the Abolition of Slavery at the United Nations Headquarters in New York City .
Keough graduated from Walnut Hills High School in Cincinnati , Ohio but has lived in Idaho since 1979 , where she attended North Idaho College and Lewis Clark State College studying business management .
In 2002 , Blanchard again ran for governor but lost his primary bid to Jennifer Granholm .
The electorate existed from 1881 to 1890 New Zealand general election and then from the 1946 New Zealand general election to the 1996 New Zealand general election , the first mixed-member proportional ( MMP ) election .
Scarborough -born federal New Democratic Party leader and former GTA MPP Jagmeet Singh , who does not have a seat in the House of Commons , ruled out standing as a candidate in the by-election .
As of 2014 , cities that have named Angel Streets as part of the campaign included St. John 's , Edmonton , Regina , Fredericton , Yellowknife and Kamloops .Peter Varga , " , October 17 , 2014 .
Republican Candidate and former COO of TD Ameritrade Pete Ricketts defeated Democratic candidate and former University of Nebraska system Chuck Hassebrook , receiving 57.6 % of the vote to Hassebrook 's 38.9 % .
In a 2004 appearance on " The Daily Show " with Jon Stewart , she announced her endorsement of John Kerry by saying , " When your house is burning down , you don 't worry about the remodeling .
" This organization quickly came under the direct influence of commander-in-chief Józef Piłsudski .
In that context , he worked together with Guido Carli ( Governor , 1960-1975 ) and Paolo Baffi ( Governor , 1975-1979 ) , he attended classes at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , where he came to work with Franco Modigliani .
When French Generals threatened Pierre Pflimlin ' s government with a coup in May 1958 , leading to the recall of Charles de Gaulle to power in the turmoil of the Algerian War ( 1954-62 ) , the Radicals and the SFIO supported his return and the establishment of the semi-presidential regime of the French Fifth Republic .
Maria Vladimirovna was born in Madrid , the only child of Grand Duke Vladimir Kirillovich of Russia , head of the Imperial Family of Russia and titular Emperor of Russia , and Princess Leonida Bagration-Mukhrani of Georgian , Polish , German and Swedish descent .
Other new members include Eddie Chu , Lau Siu-lai , Baggio Leung , Eunice Yung and Junius Ho .
Brodie Rae Constance Panlock grew up in the outer eastern suburbs of Melbourne in the Australia n state of Victoria with her parents and two older brothers .
Meanwhile , the expanding Muslim Ottoman Empire became a serious threat to Christian Austria .
Johannes Browallius ( 30 August 1707 - 25 July 1755 ) , also called John Browall , was a Finland and Sweden Lutheran theologian , physicist , botanist and at one time friend of Swedish taxonomist Carl Linnaeus .
Denk will contest the elections in fourteen municipalities , while the Forum for Democracy will only contest in Amsterdam .
During the tenure of Joseph Gurney Cannon , he was sometimes referred to as Czar Cannon .
It was written in 1563 in Heidelberg , present-day Germany .
He lost his seat in the House of Commons in the 2017 United Kingdom general election .
The war resulted in most of the party leaders being killed , imprisoned or left to seek refuge in Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .
In the middle of the 16th century , it belonged to the Melchior von Seydlitz , a new settlement for Protestants from Bohemia , Moravia and the County of Kladsko .
The party first came to prominence in the 1989 Quebec general election , when it won four seats on Montreal Island in the National Assembly with 3.7 % of the popular vote .
Markey was one of the 31 members of the House who voted not to count the electoral votes from Ohio in the 2004 United States presidential election .
It was Argentine corruption , particularly that of Perón and his first wife , Eva Perón , that made it possible for Nazi s such as Adolf Eichmann to settle in Argentina after World War II .
He was replaced by another DRA officer , and a Soviet Union general took over the operation .
While Dalton McGuinty " s majority Liberal Government introduced the Growth Plan in 2006 , the origin of related smart growth policy goals in Ontario can be traced to the Common Sense Revolution of the Mike Harris Government in the late 1990s .
Also Priti Patel became the new Minister of State for Employment and Robert Halfon became a Minister without Portfolio .
Navy Captain Omoniyi Caleb Olubolade ( born 30 November 1954 ) is a former Military Administrator of Bayelsa State , Nigeria who was appointed Minister of Special Duties on 6 April 2010 , when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet .
Attorney , President of the National Federation of the Blind of South Carolina and candidate for South Carolina 's 7th congressional district in 2012 Parnell Diggs ran as the Democratic nominee .
Adam confirmed through a press conference that the film would co-star David Alan Grier , Illeana Douglas , Diane Farr , and Larry Miller .
From 1918 the SPD played an important role in the political system of the Weimar Republic , Friedrich Ebert was its first president , serving from 1919 until his death in 1925 .
In a " goodwill gesture " to the Palestinian Authority to renew dialogue with Israel , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz decided to give Ramallah an NIS 180 million advance on tax money it transfers on a monthly basis .
Although there weren 't any rebellions in the Persian Empire itself , the growing power and territory of Philip II of Macedon in Macedon ( against which Demosthenes was in vain warning the Athenians ) attracted the attention of Artaxerxes .
Prior to the 2003 provincial election , he served as an assistant to New Democratic Party of Manitoba ( NDP ) Cabinet Minister Tim Sale .
After World War II , the Occupation of Japan required that the existing Meiji Constitution of Japan be amended to replace the absolute rule of the Emperor with a liberal democracy .
Tunis Campbell , a black New York businessman , was hired in 1863 by Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton to help former slaves in Port Royal , South Carolina .
He personally led a column against the French centre , while other columns commanded by Sir Thomas Graham , Rowland Hill and the Earl of Dalhousie looped around the French right and left ( this battle became the subject of Ludwig van Beethoven ' s orchestral piece , the " Wellington 's Victory " ( Opus 91 ) .
The contest began for Democrats with a brutal primary challenge ; U.S. Congressman Klink narrowly bested State Senator Allyson Schwartz and former Lieutenant Governor nominee Tom Foley by running on the message that he was the only candidate capable of defeating the Republican .
The most problematic cabinet selection made by Lincoln was that of Simon Cameron as the Secretary of War .
Faisal bin Fahd died of a heart attack in King Faisal Specialist Hospital in Riyadh on 21 August 1999 , shortly after returning from the Pan Arab Games held in Jordan .
The emergence of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation ( CCF ) , forerunner of the NDP - a social democratic political party formed by the coming together of various socialist , United Farmers of Canada and labour groups under a united front - forced the Liberals to the right .
The rule of Michael the Brave , with its break with Ottoman rule , tense relations with other European powers and the leadership of the three states , was considered in later periods as the precursor of a modern Romania , a thesis which was argued with noted intensity by Nicolae Bălcescu .
Occupy Windsor was an Occupy movement encampment in David Croll Park , Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
His main challengers are former Governor Paulo Souto , of the right wing Democrats , and Minister for National Integration Geddel Vieira Lima , of centrist Brazilian Democratic Movement Party .
" Iran , Iraq , al-Qaeda , and Hezbollah , despite quarreling among themselves , " all resented power of the West and Israel , and they all despised the humane values of democracy .
In 1648 , when George William 's elder brother , Christian Louis , Prince of Calenberg , inherited the Principality of Lüneburg from their paternal uncle , Frederick IV , he gave Calenberg to George William in appanage .
In less than two years , there were three Prime Ministers ; Tancredo Neves ( 1961-1962 ) , Brochado da Rocha ( July-September 1962 ) and Hermes Lima ( 1962-1963 ) .
In New York City , Briggs helped develop the widely emulated " quality-of-life " planning approach to neighborhood revitalization , and in 1996 his work with the Comprehensive Community Revitalization Program in the South Bronx won the President 's Award of the American Planning Association .
The series was written by Russell T Davies and directed by Stephen Frears , with Hugh Grant starring as Thorpe and Ben Whishaw as Scott .
Barbara Boxer ( D - CA ) ,
It currently works at the Libertador Building , at Paseo Colón 250 , Buenos Aires .
On 11 September 1956 , Cosgrove 's minister for housing , Carrol Bramich , resigned from the ALP following an internal row , party switching and giving the Liberal opposition a majority .
In 2011 , " Foreign Policy " magazine named Navalny to the FP Top 100 Global Thinkers , along with Daniel Domscheit-Berg and Sami Ben Gharbia of Tunisia , for " shaping the new world of government transparency .
He studied at the Belarusian State University of and at the Russia n state university on land use planning in Moscow , graduating in 1981 .
When three-term 6th district Representative Robert Byrd decided against seeking re-election in order to run for the U.S. Senate , Slack won the Democratic nomination and was easily elected that November .
Responsibility for higher and adult education remained with the Secretary of State for Business , Innovation and Skills ( Vince Cable 2010-2015 , Sajid Javid 2015-2016 ) , until reunited with the Department for Education in 2016 .
Blumenthal was born on December 18 , 1977 , in Boston , Massachusetts , to Jacqueline ( née Jordan ) and Sidney Blumenthal .
He completed his philosophy studies at the University of Turin , and in social sciences in Vienna and Paris .
In the 14th-century historical novel " Romance of the Three Kingdoms " , both Mi Fang and Shi Ren ( erroneously referred to as " Fu Shiren " in the novel ) served in the Eastern Wu military after they surrendered to Sun Quan .
Albeit banned by Benito Mussolini in 1925 , many old Liberal politicians were given prestigious yet not influential political posts such as seats in the Senate , which was stripped of any real power by Fascist reforms .
Following the 1991 Turkish general election , he entered the parliament on October 20 , 1991 as a deputy of Istanbul .
Democratic candidates include former U.S. Secretary of Agriculture and 2018 United States Senate special election in Mississippi Senate candidate Mike Espy .
The Cook Islands and Niue are officially termed associated state s .
His son Toussaint Louverture Delany ( named after the major leader of the Haitian Revolution ) served with the 54th Regiment.Douglas R. Egerton , " The Wars of Reconstruction " ( Bloomsbury Press 2014 ) , pp. 24-26 The senior Delany wrote to the Secretary of War , Edwin M. Stanton , requesting that he make efforts " to command all of the effective black men as Agents of the United States , " but the request was ignored .
Austria-Hungary was geographically the second-largest country in Europe after the Russian Empire , at
He obtained a Bachelor in Education with a concentration in Industrial Arts at the University of Puerto Rico in Río Piedras and a Master in Administration and Supervision at the City University of New York .
Reşit Galip , also known as Reşit Galip Baymur ( 1893 , in Rhodes - 5 March 1934 , in Ankara ) was a Turkish politician in the early years of the Turkey .
In China the office was created during the Northern Qi dynasty ( 550-577 ) and continued until the Qing dynasty ( 1636-1912 ) .
With an area of , Spain is the largest country in Southern Europe , the second-largest country in Western Europe , and the European Union , and is the fourth-largest country by area on the European continent .
Greece became independent in 1822 , but the corruption in modern Greece and the resistance to pay taxes to Ottoman Empire Era is connected by the fact that part of the ethnic Greek officials of the Ottoman Empire kept their positions after Greek independence and established the way the Greek state was run .
Koike was elected to the House of Councillors in 1992 Japanese House of Councillors election as a member of the Japan New Party .
Néstor Kirchner won the elections running on a Front for Victory ticket .
Photographic evidence from the 2014 Syrian detainee report has been on display at the United States Holocaust Museum and at the United Nations .
Mongolia has sponsored a number of talks in recent years involving regional and international players and is accessible by train from North Korea .
In May 2009 , he became engaged to Huma Abedin , a long-time personal aide to Hillary Clinton , and they married in July 2010 , with former President Bill Clinton officiating .
Hughes and the Nationalists governed on their own until the 1922 Australian federal election , when the newly emerged National Party of Australia gained the balance of power in the House of Representatives .
His grandson Rajiv Gandhi would hold that office from 1984 to 1989 .
Jenny Macklin served as Minister for Indigenous Affairs through the term of the Rudd Government and was re-appointed to the role by Julia Gillard .
A third television advertisement began airing on August 26 , 2004 , attacking Kerry 's past statements that he was in Cambodia on Christmas Eve , 1968 .
" Premium Times " published a letter sent to Goodluck Jonathan by Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala requesting the former President 's approval of a transfer of about $ 300 million ( £ 5.5 million ) from money recovered from the late General Sani Abacha to the office of the National Security Adviser , Sambo Dasuki , a few days before the presidential election held in April 2015 .
This effort was squelched by party leaders ( Senator Henry Cabot Lodge and Governor Winthrop Murray Crane ) , and Foss lost the election.Abrams , pp. 92-93 , 97 He ran again in 1904 , with an even more embarrassing defeat.Abrams , p .
In 1889 , the Methodist Episcopal Church dispatched Brewster to Singapore with the status of a missionary , however due to his difficulty in acclimatizing to that region he was redirected to the Fuzhou Church Mission Station instead .
Major Vivion de Valera , son of the founder , subsequently became managing director .
Nonetheless , William F. Varney was nominated for president over Hoover by a margin of 68-45 .
A Republic of Genoa document dated November 8 , 1427 orders the consul at Caffa in the Crimea to keep on good terms with the Emperor of Trebizond for news of John arriving at Caffa had reached Genoa .
Franz was firstly married in Prague to Princess Anna Maria Gabriela zu House of Schwarzenberg ( 1854-1898 ) in 1874 .
In 2003 , he joined the University of Southern California ( USC ) Annenberg School for Communication , as a professor of communication and the first Wallis Annenberg -endowed Chair of Communication and Technology .
The NAACP were originally involved but Roy Wilkins pulled out on learning that the armed Deacons for Defense and Justice were going to be protecting the march .
Brazilian president Michel Temer issued a statement that read Trump 's election will not change the relationship between the two countries that is " institutional " and " from State to State .
He exhibited portraits , Italian genre , literary and biblical subjects , and a selection of his paintings can today be found in some of the most important museums in London , including the National Portrait Gallery , the Victoria and Albert Museum and Tate Britain .
Methvin is a Democratic candidate in the nonpartisan blanket primary scheduled for November 6 in Louisiana 's 3rd congressional district seat for the seat held for the past two years by Republican Clay Higgins , who is seeking a second term .
He was elected Member of Parliament for Berwick-upon-Tweed in 1951 United Kingdom general election where he served until 1973 .
In October 1863 he went to Lisbon , where he translated Friedrich Schiller ' s " The Bride of Messina " and some poems by Heinrich Heine .
This resulted in a coalition agreement between the Christian Democratic Appeal ( CDA ) , Labour Party ( PvdA ) and the Christian Union ( CU ) , together these three parties had 79 seats out of 150 seats in the House of Representatives .
E.J. Dionne , Jr , Robert Kuttner , Thomas B. Edsall .
As Dallas 's term also ended at noon on the 4th , and as neither Taylor nor Vice President-elect Millard Fillmore had been sworn-in to office on that day , it was claimed by some of Atchison 's friends and colleagues that on March 4-5 , 1849 , Atchison was Acting President of the United States .
The battle saw Winfield Scott ' s United States troops outflank Antonio López de Santa Anna ' s larger Mexican army , driving it from a strong defensive position .
Early on , the Leninist view of the class conflict and the resulting notion of the dictatorship of the proletariat provided the theoretical basis of the repressions .
He became involved in attempts to destabilise the Nazis as a result and worked behind the scenes to forge an alliance between dissident Sturmabteilung leader Walter Stennes and Black Front leader Otto Strasser .Timothy S. Brown , " Weimar Radicals : Nazis and Communists Between Authenticity and Performance " , Berghahn Books , 2009 , p .
In Afghanistan , al-Libi led the Al Khaldan training camp , where Zacarias Moussaoui and Ahmed Ressam trained for attacks in the United States .
" Monroe attempted to improve discipline by appointing leading statesmen to his Cabinet , including Secretary of State John Quincy Adams of Massachusetts , Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford of Georgia , and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun of South Carolina .
The day after , on 20 June , distribution of the reformist morning newspapers " Eqbal " , " Hayat-e No " , " Aftab-e Yazd " , and " Etemad " were stopped by the prosecutor-general of Tehran , Saeed Mortazavi , for publishing Karroubi 's letter , with " Eqbal " being completely banned from publication .
Shiras also drew the opposition of Senator Matthew Quay of Pennsylvania because they were in different factions of the Pennsylvania Republican party , but his nomination was nonetheless approved .
The 2019 bill lapsed with the dissolution of the 32nd Dáil on 14 January 2020 , prior to 2020 Irish general election on 8 February .
Sophie Walker , the leader of the Women 's Equality Party , stood against Davies in his Shipley constituency at the 2017 United Kingdom general election , but was defeated , with Davies noting that she lost her deposit .
The Protestant Church of the Redeemer ( ) is located to the south of the village of " Sacrow " , which since 1939 has been incorporated to Potsdam , the capital of the Germany Bundesland of Brandenburg .
Martin Luther King Jr , James Bevel " James L. Bevel The Strategist of the 1960s Civil Rights Movement " by Randall Kryn , a paper in David Garrow ' s 1989 book " We Shall Overcome , Volume II " , Carlson Publishing Company
Manbazar ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in Purulia district in the India n state of West Bengal .
She represented the Parliament at the 2008 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Poznań , Poland Jennifer Rankin ( November 26 , 2008 ) , .
In September 2019 , Brakey announced his candidacy for Maine 's second district of the United States House of Representatives against incumbent Democrat Jared Golden .
Nixon , running on a largely socially conservative agenda , was able to attain victory nationwide with less than 1 % popular lead on Humphrey , while the historically one-party Democratic stronghold of the Deep South turned out en masse for their own George Wallace , who was spearheading the new American Independent Party .
A reworking of London Crystal Palace , the plan for the Garden Palace was similar to that of a large cathedral , having a long hall with lower aisle on either side , like a nave , and a transept of similar form , each terminating in towers and meeting beneath a central dome .
Burton upon Trent , Dudley , Stoke-on-Trent , Walsall , West Bromwich and Wolverhampton were county boroughs .
The Insular Government of the Philippine Islands was a Territories of the United States of the United States that was established in 1901 and was dissolved in 1935 .
After the revolutionaries ' defeat , he escaped to Switzerland and became a leading member of the " Genfer Arbeiterverein " ( Worker 's Association of Geneva ) , where he met Friedrich Engels .
The Campaign for Homosexual Law Reform was an organisation set up to campaign for the decriminalisation of homosexuality in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland in the 1970s .
In the 2004 United States presidential election and 2008 Presidential Elections , Means supported independent Ralph Nader .
During the World Bank Annual Bank Conference on Development Economics in Oslo , Norway in 2002 large globalization-critical protests were held .
It was additionally introduced in the United States House of Representatives in a bipartisan fashion ; co-sponsors included Congressmen Adam Kinzinger ( Illinois Republican Party ) and Ted Lieu ( California Democratic Party ) .
The end of communism and collapse of the Soviet Union and Yugoslavia has contributed to an increase in human trafficking , with the majority of victims being women forced into prostitution .
For three years she was an associate of the President of the Democratic Left Alliance Grzegorz Napieralski , and in 2010 was a member of the presidential election staff .
" Wilfrid Gariépy " , " E J Hart " , " Prosper-Edmond Lessard " , " Joseph Henri Picard " , " S Schultz " , and " O Tessier " were elected .
He was also a member of the committee of the Groupe Collaboration .Karen Fiss , " Grand Illusion : The Third Reich , the Paris Exposition , and the Cultural Seduction of France " , University of Chicago Press , 2009 , p .
From 1612 , when Count Axel Oxenstierna was appointed Lord High Chancellor , which he remained until Gustavus Adolphus 's death , the two men struck a long and successful partnership and complemented each other well : In Oxenstierna 's own words , his " cool " balanced the King 's " heat .
The second congress was held from 22-25 January 1909 in Chamonix , France .
For the 2011 Scottish Parliament election , the old constituency of Perth was abolished and replaced by Perthshire North and Perthshire South and Kinross-shire .
Amongst other parties very aware of the 5 % barrier , United Future appeared more secure in the light of Peter Dunne ' s grip on Ōhariu , which he maintained , though by a narrower margin than previously ; and the Progressive Party retained a very strong hold via Jim Anderton ' s " safe seat " of Wigram .
In May 2017 , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo ' s administration announced the state would later in the year begin construction on a new microgrid that would provide power to the Empire State Plaza .
The Third Hasina Cabinet is the Council of Ministers headed by Sheikh Hasina that was formed after the 2014 Bangladeshi general election which was held on 5 January 2014 .
In May 1885 , Cox resigned his Congressional seat to accept appointment by President Grover Cleveland as U.S. Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire , succeeding Lew Wallace .
He was killed in office by a machete-wielding Colombia n named Faustino Rayo .
She was elected to represent the riding of Middlesex in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1990 Ontario general election , defeating incumbent Ontario Liberal Party Doug Reycraft by 520 votes ( out of 38,382 cast ) .
Some scientists , including Andrew Ellington , professor of biochemistry at the University of Texas , and Robert Dennison , Houston Independent School District ' s AP science lead teacher , are concerned that the mention of " weaknesses " in the curriculum standards has had a chilling effect on science teachers .
He also appeared in several music videos , including one for the singer Kumar Sanu , before making his acting debut with a lead role in Ken Ghosh ' s romantic comedy " Ishq Vishk " ( 2003 ) .
The Hallstein Doctrine , named after Walter Hallstein , was a key principle in the foreign policy of the Germany from 1955 to 1970 .
Incumbent Democratic Governor Mario Cuomo was re-elected with 53 % of the vote , with Rinfret receiving 21 % and London receiving 20 % .
The attempted resurrection of the Empire of Brazil came from federal deputy Antônio Henrique Bittencourt da Cunha Bueno ( from São Paulo ' s Social Democratic Party ) , a member of the Constituent Assembly which approved the Constitution which put an end to the military regime .
The new group included former Prime Ministers Mitsumasa Yonai , Nobuyuki Abe and Fumimaro Konoe , all of whom supported Japan 's aggressive foreign policy and the right-socialist ideals of Kingoro Hashimoto on creation of a Military Shogunate that would manage the Imperial affairs directly .
There was a lunchtime anti-war demonstration on the Humber bridge in Kingston upon Hull which involved some friction between motorists and protesters .
The Wiper Democratic Movement-Kenya ( WDM-K ) refers to a political party in Kenya , which originated as a result of the 2005 Kenyan constitutional referendum .
On February 25 , 2008 , Culliver endorsed Illinois Senator Barack Obama for president , saying , " If we are going to make a better future for America , we need a leader who isn 't invested in the political food fights of the past .
Qatar has claimed that the coup had foreign backing , mainly by the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Bahrain .
Edmund Ian Marshall ( born 31 May 1940 in Manchester ) is a United Kingdom politician and churchman .
Muscovites , Vladimir-Suzdal and other inhabitants of the Rus ' principality were able to maintain their Slavic , Pagan and Orthodox traditions for the most part under the Tatar Yoke .
Since the 2014 European Parliament election , the party is represented in the European Parliament by the MEP Klaus Buchner .
In 2013 , after having won the October 16 special election for U.S. Senator , Booker resigned as mayor and was sworn in on October 31 as the junior U.S. Senator from New Jersey.ref name = CoryLetter Luis A. Quintana , long-term member of the Municipal Council , replaced him as interim mayor.primaries .
Unsuccessful , he obtained a commission as a naval surgeon on and travelled to Jamaica , where he settled down for several years .
Together with the burgh constituency of Perth , which was unaltered , these constituencies covered the county of Perth , except that five detached parish es had been merged into the Clackmannanshire and Kinross-shire constituency by the Representation of the People ( Scotland ) Act 1832 .
On March 24 , the day of the convention , Cullen surprised many by placing third in the first round of voting with 16 % of the vote ahead of Peggy Nash , Paul Dewar , Martin Singh and Niki Ashton , with Thomas Mulcair and Brian Topp in first and second respectively ( 30 % for Mulcair , 21 % for Topp ) .
Henry de Bourbon was born in Pau , the capital of the joint Kingdom of Navarre with the sovereign principality of Viscounty of Béarn .
The 2017 Finnish government crisis followed the Finns Party 2017 Finns Party leadership election held on 10 June 2017 .
In 2005 , Berkeley sought to name the Berkeley main post office after Shirek , but the attempt was defeated in Congress due to Republican opposition led by Iowa Congressman Steve King , who took issue with her connection to Oakland 's Niebyl-Proctor Marxist Library and her support for the release of Mumia Abu-Jamal .
New South Wales also produced Australia 's first female Lord Mayor , Alderman Joy Cummings , who was elected to Newcastle City Council in 1974 .
Being the 2nd most populous province in China after Sichuan , Henan also had the 2nd highest number of seats in the national congress , and one of the largest immigrant communities in the capital .
The only other Democrat to represent this district since the Harry Truman administration , Lynn Schenk , was toppled by Bilbray in the 1994 Republican wave .
Ralph Nader called this " corporatization of the dictionary .
In 2008 , the Calderón administration of Mexico proposed the creation of the Latin American and the Caribbean Union ( Spanish : " Unión Latinoamericana y del Caribe " , ULC ) .
In January 2015 , then Governor Bobby Jindal appointed Harris to succeed Walter C. Lee , A special election to fill Lee 's seat was initially planned for March 28 { { cite news |
The 1986 United States House of Representatives elections was held on November 4 , 1986 , in the middle of President Ronald Reagan ' s second term in office while he was still relatively popular with the American public .
Mihailo Polit-Desančić ( in Cyrillic Serbian : Михаило Полит-Десанчић ; Novi Sad , 16 April 1833 - Timisoara , 30 March 1920 ) was a political figure , a journalist and a Serbian writer .
Set during the World War II North Africa n Western Desert Campaign , it follows a misadventurous squad of French Foreign Legion deserters , led by their charismatic Sarge , who set out across the Sahara desert to strike a blow on the Germany -occupied city of Tobruk .
Declassified US documents indicate that the US may have violated the PTBT 's ban on atmospheric testing in 1972 by , at the instruction of Henry Kissinger , monitoring and collecting data on French atmospheric tests over the Pacific Ocean , which may have amounted to cooperation with the French program .
Coincidentally in 1937 to Ukraine were dispatched three personal representatives of Stalin Vyacheslav Molotov , Nikolai Yezhov , and Nikita Khrushchev .
He re-contested the seat against Nicholls at the 2001 Western Australian state election , and was successful .
Lavazza imports coffee from around the world , including Brazil , Colombia , Guatemala , Costa Rica , Honduras , Uganda , Indonesia , United States and Mexico .
Congressman Víctor Andrés García Belaúnde accused his colleague Luis Wilson of having members of his family working for a national hospital with high salaries .
Sergo Ordzhonikidze and his deputy Sergey Kirov had to take military actions directed to conquest of the territory under the special body of Caucasian Bureau .
Governor Tony Evers ( D ) signed an executive order for all-mail-in election , but the order was rejected by the Republican-controlled Wisconsin Legislature .
The Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions ( HKFTU ) , which was established in 1948 , has functioned as " friendly societies " based in industry and craft-based fraternities , and provided benefits and other supplementary aids to the veteran members who was under threat of unemployment and low wages during the 1950s and 1960s .
A majority of HKU Council members are not students or staff of the university , and many are directly appointed by incumbent HKSAR Chief executive Leung Chun-ying .
Cristiane Brasil Francisco , commonly known as Cristiane Brasil ( born 21 December 1973 ) , is a Brazil ian lawyer and politician .
In Blackburn 's words the first project " brought together trade-union organizers , leftwing journalists including Paul Foot , Marxist economists and two liberals - Michael Frayn and Philip Toynbee - who mocked the demonization of union activists by Labour as well as Conservative pundits .
It lost the 2013 Karnataka Legislative Assembly election in 2013 .
Émile Chassinat , then director of the French Institute for Oriental Archaeology in Cairo , acquired two more tablets in 1903 .
In the late 18th century , the city of Saigon was the subject of warfare between the Tây Sơn dynasty , which had toppled the Nguyễn lords who ruled southern Vietnam , and Nguyễn Ánh , the nephew of the last Nguyễn lord .
From 1986 to 1992 , Wersich studied medicine at University of Hamburg and subsequently worked as a physician for Internal medicine , Geriatrics and Gerontology at AK Ochsenzoll hospital and Bethanien hospital until 1999 .
The title " Pharaoh " is used for those rulers of Ancient Egypt who ruled after the unification of Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt by Narmer during the Early Dynastic Period , approximately 3100 BC .
The cover has featured Hillary Clinton , Angelina Jolie , Wanda Sykes , Sarah Jones , Jane Fonda , Charlize Theron , and Queen Noor .
The Slave Trade Act 1807 had outlawed the slave trade in the British Empire , but had not abolished slavery .
He was President until the swearing in of Sergio Mattarella on 3 February .
" In late January , Georgian officials , including Acting President Nino Burjanadze and President-elect Mikheil Saakashvili , met with Abashidze in Batumi .
Public holidays in Transnistria lists the official public holiday s recognized by the breakaway Transnistria n government .
" Fail Safe " is a 1964 Cold War thriller film directed by Sidney Lumet , based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Eugene Burdick and Harvey Wheeler .
In 1989 services to Larnaca and Addis Ababa began .
Democratic Mazie Hirono defeated former Hawaii Governor Linda Lingle in a rematch of the 2002 Hawaii gubernatorial election .
Following the Labour victory in the 1964 United Kingdom general election , new Prime Minister Harold Wilson appointed the General Secretary of the powerful Transport and General Workers ' Union , Frank Cousins , as Minister of Technology .
In 1935 the painting " Die Labung " had been stolen by the Nazi Germany .
He served as the British Ambassador to Iraq , Jordan and Tunisia before becoming an academic at Exeter University .
Her death in 2009 garnered widespread public support reminiscent of her husband 's , eventually leading to the 2010 Philippine presidential election of their son Benigno Aquino III as the 15th President of the Philippines .
In the 2014 European Parliament election , Schlein was elected to the European Parliament .
Washington was won by incumbent Vice President Richard Nixon ( R - California ) , running with United States Ambassador to the United Nations .
In the fall of 1915 , C.W. Fitzgerald wrote and sent a leaflet to Vladimir Lenin of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union .
In a 1983 special election , he was defeated by Republican former Governor Daniel J. Evans , then an appointed Senator and the incumbent , in a race to replace Democrat Henry M. Jackson , and in 1988 he lost to Slade Gorton , also a Republican , in a close race .
The Crown Buildings ( ) , which are also known as the Cathays Park Buildings , are the Welsh Government ' s main offices in Cardiff , Wales .
Prior to Indian independence , Jawaharlal Nehru , acting as the leader of Executive Council , agreed that Sikkim would not be treated as an Indian state .
Some of the major Iranian oilfields like Ahvaz Field , Marun , Aghajari , Karanj , Shadegan and Mansouri are located in Khuzestan Province territory .
On 18 June 1812 , US President James Madison signed the declaration of war into law , after receiving heavy pressure from the War Hawks in Congress .
As Minister of Home Affairs he proposed a plan to divide the Netherlands into 24 mini-provinces and he played a key role in the independence negotiations for Suriname in 1975 .
The president 's defense team was made up of Henry Stanbery , William M. Evarts , Benjamin Robbins Curtis , Thomas A. R. Nelson and William S. Groesbeck .
As noted by Slama-Cazacu , the message was read at the Romanian Athenaeum by Emil Bobu , who happened to be " one of Ceaușescu 's least cultured ministers .
Honywood was elected as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Kent at the 1806 United Kingdom general election
On July 20 , 2010 , Barack Obama nominated retired Lt. ( three-star ) Gen. James R. Clapper for the position .
Following the raising of the electoral threshold , Balad , Hadash , the southern branch of the Islamic Movement , Ta 'al , and the United Arab List agreed in January 2015 to form a joint electoral list named Joint List .
During the 2014 European Parliament election party Co-President András Schiffer described LMP as having a pronounced pro-integration position on environmental , wage and labour policy as supporting member state autonomy on the self-determination of local communities concerning land resources .
How-Martyn together with Charlotte Despard and Emma Sproson made a delegation to the British Prime Minister .
The most significant Labour loss of the night was Tony Benn , who was defeated in the revived Bristol East seat .
Actress Colleen Dewhurst portrayed Meir in the 1986 TV movie " Sword of Gideon " .
Along with two other parties with supposed ties to the CPP , Gabriela and Anakpawis , they won a total of six congressional seats .
Important protagonists of the Ekikarana movement including Aluru Venkata Rao were from northern parts of Karnataka .
Democrat Barack Obama won the 2008 Democratic caucuses in Alaska by a margin of more than three to one over Hillary Clinton , a higher percentage than any State in the union except Idaho .
Chuck F , an editor banned by ArbCom from " editing editing any article related to libertarianism , socialism , or political ideology , " has returned to his old tricks -- having been banned under the ArbCom decision from editing Ron Paul , he 's back again as 203.112.19.195 , one of his favorite anonymous IPs which figured prominently in the ArbCom case .
Council communist Sylvia Pankhurst was also a feminist activist as well as a libertarian Marxist .
In 1911 he travelled to Lisbon and Buenos Aires .
He has also authored several books , including " Run , Johnny , Run " written after the 2004 Australian federal election .
She was generally seen as a very unlikely candidate against the popular Rutte , who is backed by the party 's board , and after Rita Verdonk entered the game , her chances have vanished entirely .
Benjamin Chew Howard ( November 5 , 1791 - March 6 , 1872 ) was an United States congressman and the fifth reporter of decisions of the United States Supreme Court , serving from 1843 to 1861 .
Part way into the campaign , the separate schools question re-emerged when the Anglican prelate of Toronto , Archbishop Lewis Garnsworthy , held a news conference on the issue where he compared Bill Davis ' methods in pushing through the reform to Adolf Hitler : " This is how Hitler changed education in Germany , by exactly the same process , by decree .
Despite its name , it was started by politicians from a mixture of political parties including Peter Bone , Tom Pursglove , Liam Fox of the Conservatives , Kate Hoey of Labour , Nigel Farage of UK Independence Party and Sammy Wilson of the Democratic Unionist Party .
Born in Philadelphia , to Vasilios and Eta Natsios , Andrew received his Bachelor of Arts in History from Georgetown University and his Master in Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard .
The Greater Accra Regional Minister is the Ghana government official who is responsible for overseeing the administration of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana .
The proposal was supported by José de San Martín , Martín Miguel de Güemes and the northern provinces , but found strong resistance from Buenos Aires .
His pupils included Goethe , Maximilian von Montgelas , Klemens von Metternich and Louis-Guillaume Otto .
Nazi Germany had become a one- Nazi Party dictatorship during the months following January 1933 , and in 1938 Fritz Müller became a member of the ruling Nazi Party .Fritz Müller 's party membership number ( from which the date of his joining the party can be determined ) was 7142801 .
The party was formed by a splinter group from the Nigerian People 's Party , the group was led by Waziri Ibrahim , a politician and businessman from Borno .
Serpa opposed to the CONVIVIR groups created by Fernando Botero Zea , a group of self-defense groups intended to improve security in areas were the government couldn 't reach .
In the United States , the term has been used by conspiracy theorists who claim that some mass shootings and other disasters are staged , and victims and their families are being played by crisis actors .
She was succeeded in that role in the 1980s by Mary Robinson , a former Reid Professor of Law and then-Trinity College Senator , who later became the first female President of Ireland .
United States Senate Bill S.3804 , known as the Combating Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act ( COICA ) was a bill introduced by Senator Patrick Leahy ( D-VT ) on September 20 , 2010 .
However , the election victory of Margaret Thatcher Conservatives in 1979 saw the vast majority of nationalized industries , services and utilities privatized within a decade , although the National Health Service was allowed to continue .
Shchekochikhin graduated from the Journalism Department of Moscow State University in 1975 .
As Liu Shan was still underage at the time , Zhuge Liang , the Imperial Chancellor of Shu , served as the regent .
National Revolutionary Army commander in chief Chiang Kai-shek suspected that the Communist Party of China and Soviet advisors in the Wuhan Nationalist Government used anti-imperialists and anti-foreign sentiments to instigate the Nanjing incident , and conspired to strengthen the communists and damage the right-wing faction of the Kuomintang .
Historically , the princes of the ruling House of Grimaldi were autocrats of an absolute monarchy until the first Constitution of Monaco was adopted in 1911 .
Calgary-Mountain View is a provincial electoral district in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
He represented House District 4 , which included portions of Jackson and Josephine counties , and was the Republican nominee for Governor of Oregon in the 2014 Oregon gubernatorial election election , losing to incumbent Democrat John Kitzhaber .
Kentucky , Louisiana , and Mississippi hold their gubernatorial elections during the off-year before the presidential election , i.e. in years leaving remainder 3 when divided by 4 ; e.g. the 2015 United States gubernatorial elections .
The 2000 Canadian federal election was held on November 27 , 2000 , to elect 301 Members of Parliament of the House of Commons of Canada of the 37th Parliament of Canada .
66 ; Iorga , pp. 176-177 ; Isar , pp. 1436-1437 ; Nistor , pp. 531 , 534 ; Pocitan Ploeșteanu , pp. 25-26 Its triumvirate leadership comprised Ion Ghica and C. A. Rosetti of Wallachia , with the Moldavian Vârnav as cashier.Xenopol , pp. 236-237 .
Turkey has been Turkish occupation of northern Syria against the Syrian government since August 2016 , not only participating in airstrikes against ISIL alongside the U.S.-led coalition , but also actively supporting the Syrian opposition and Turkish occupation of northern Syria while engaging in significant ground combat with ISIL , the SDF , and the Syrian government .
Reid did likewise , booking a flight to Paris and thence to Miami .
Faulkner strongly opposed New Zealand having sporting contact with South Africa during the Apartheid period and argued that the proposed 1973 Springbok tour should be cancelled .
The assassination of Kennedy removed him from the race and Vice President Hubert Humphrey emerged from the disastrous 1968 Democratic National Convention with the presidential nomination of a deeply divided party .
In this conception of democracy , the public realm includes not just the political realm , as is usual the practice in the republican or democratic project ( Hannah Arendt , Cornelius Castoriadis , Murray Bookchin et al .
On June 23 , 2017 , Republican Senator Dean Heller was targeted with an advertising campaign over his opposition to the Obamacare repeal bill .
Shortly after incumbent Democratic Gov. Neil Goldschmidt announced that he would not seek a second term as governor , Roberts announced her candidacy in the 1990 Oregon gubernatorial election .
A former Democrat , Harris unsuccessfully ran for the Nevada Assembly in 2012 , losing to Andy Eisen .
In 1808 he was sent to Spain where he served under Marshal Victor and was wounded at the capture of Madrid .
During a softball game at an American oil company housing compound in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , al-Qaeda terrorists set off a bomb , killing Americans and Saudis .
The earliest certain reference to the present figure of Laozi is found in the 1st ‑ century BC " Records of the Grand Historian " collected by the historian Sima Qian from earlier accounts .
The Foundation follows the ideals of the Protestant theologian , Friedrich Naumann .
Arkansas Democrats were found guilty of voting fraud in the election for Arkansas 's 2nd congressional district after it was discovered that in Conway County , Arkansas , four masked and armed white men stormed into a predominantly black voting precinct and , at gunpoint , stole the ballot box that contained a large majority of votes for his Republican opponent , John M. Clayton , the brother of former Arkansas Governor and Senator Powell Clayton .
Melançon challenged incumbent Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter in 2010.Kraushaar , Josh .
He held the same position in November and December 2014 , but at the Matej Bel University , and Department of Economics and Regional Development , Faculty of Economy .
He was 2017 Calgary municipal election to a third term with 51 % of the vote .
Around August , when Zhang Zhidong was recalled to Beijing to serve on the Grand Council , Zhao was appointed as Viceroy of Huguang to replace Zhang .
In North Western Germany the word " Landdrost " was used for noble district caretakers until the 19th century .
From 2014 to 2016 , he was the deputy ambassador of the European Union to the EU Delegation in Beirut and its head of the political and media section .
On 19 June 1993 , a constituent congress of the recreated Communist Party of Ukraine took place in Donetsk that proclaimed itself a direct inheritor of the Communist Party of Ukraine .
Toby Tiangco is the incumbent .
Scott Banister ( born 1975 in Kansas City , Missouri ) is an United States entrepreneur and angel investor .
The unoccupied royal residences ( including the Tower of London ) are run by the Historic Royal Palaces Agency , which is self-funding .
In accepting his nomination , Goldwater uttered his most famous phrase ( a quote from Cicero suggested by speechwriter Harry Jaffa ) : " I would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice .
Although Georgia 's politics has been taking place in the framework of a semi-presidential republic since the nation regained its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 , the debate on monarchy , particularly its constitutional form , has never actually ceased .
He was elected as a Democratic-Republican Party to the Thirteenth Congress and a member of the State Constitutional Convention in 1822 .
Meanwhile , a minister in the outgoing Government , Doug Shave , lost his seat of Alfred Cove to Independent candidate Dr Janet Woollard , who was also a member of the Liberals for Forests party .
The incumbent is Republican Cathy McMorris Rodgers , who has represented the district since 2005 .
He compares his experiments with 3D to early films by Auguste and Louis Lumière and D. W. Griffith , who made films before there were " rules " about technique , stating " when technique is at its very beginnings , just like a child it knows no rules .
Since then , the " Syrian Turkmen Bloc " focussed on its remaining strongholds in Latakia and Bayır-Bucak , while the " Syrian Democratic Turkmen Movement " focusses on Aleppo .
Democrat Heath Shuler , who took office in 2007 , was the incumbent .
Texas was still part of Mexico and the government would not allow organization of Protestant ( non-Catholic ) churches in the region .
In the late Parthian Empire era , Hatra had become semi-dependent due to the gradual deterioration of the central government .
Many had supported Franklin D. Roosevelt ' s New Deal and Harry S. Truman , John F. Kennedy , and Lyndon B. Johnson had supported their cause .
After the 2008 Hamburg state election , the CDU formed a coalition government with the GAL .
She replaced Richard Nduhura , who was appointed Uganda 's Ambassador to the United Nations .
A total of 43 candidates contested the elections ; 31 independents , 11 from the Manx Labour Party and one from Independent Labour .
His studies at the Royal University of Ireland were postponed after the death of his Uncle Jim in 1893 , when James was sent to London to take over his Uncle 's business functions .
Alexander L. Collins was a prominent lawyer in Madison .
On October 2 , 2008 , at the vice-presidential debate between Sarah Palin and Joe Biden , " drill , baby , drill " reached a new prominence .
In 1986 , during the production of " Manhunter " , while Cox was playing Hannibal Lecktor , The character was renamed " Lecktor " in the first film version : Anthony Hopkins was playing " King Lear " on stage at the National Theatre .
With George Opdyke and Richard Milford Blatchford , he formed the Union Defense Committee , empowered by President Abraham Lincoln to spend public money during the initial raising and equipping of the Union Army .
Common Good Italy ) was ahead of the centre-right coalition , but controlled a majority only in the Chamber of Deputies .
Louis Waldman was born on January 5 , 1891 , in Yancherudnia , Ukraine , not far from Kiev , the son of a Jew ish innkeeper who was one of the few literate men of the village .
In 1994 United States Senate election in Missouri Ashcroft was elected to the U.S. Senate from Missouri , again succeeding John Danforth , who retired from the position .
This constituency includes Chikiti , Chikiti and Patrapur Block .
After the election to the Bundestag in 1966 , Chancellor Kurt Georg Kiesinger appointed Lauritzen as Federal Minister of Housing and Urban Development ..
Huerta has received numerous awards for her community service and advocacy for workers ' , immigrants ' , and women 's rights , including the Eugene V. Debs Foundation Outstanding American Award , the United States Presidential Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Human Rights
Although de Rosas organized the overall campaign , the primary commander in the field was Quiroga.Gálvez , pp. 169-170 It was expected Chile would contribute additional military support ; however , the nation was unable to do so , due to a mutiny against and assassination attempts on Diego Portales .
When a crisis erupted between the neighboring Persian Gulf States of Bahrain and Qatar , Saud also visited the former during December 1937 in order to help sort out their differences .
She is also at the forefront of the " Free Avera " movement to release and return Avera Mengistu from Hamas captivity .
After the 1922 assassination of politician Walther Rathenau , the government ordered flags flown at half mast on the day of his funeral , but Lenard ignored the order at his institute in Heidelberg .
It noted the Secretary-General Kofi Annan ' s assessment that the security situation was stable and the situation along the Green Line was calm .
He was again in charge of Internal Affairs and Finance from 1931 to 1932 , during the Iorga government , Slabey Roucek , p.76 ; Veiga , p.137-138 when he took a harsh stance against the fascist Iron Guard , outlawing it and arresting some of its members ( which led to a string of violent confrontations ) .Ornea , p.295 , 296 ; Veiga , p.137 Argetoianu was hotly contested as Finance Minister : faced with the widespread insolvency of small agricultural holdings in front of the Great Depression , he proposed a form of liquidation that was considered in breach of the 1923 Constitution .Veiga , p.130 , 140-141 Various other issues forced Argetoianu to cease payments of salaries for civil servants at certain intervals , causing far-reaching problems.Veiga , p.156
After a runoff , the Democratic nomination went to New York City Public Advocate Mark J. Green .
Yael " Yuli " Tamir ( , born 26 February 1954 ) is an Israel i academic and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Israeli Labor Party between 2003 and 2010 , and as Minister of Immigrant Absorption and Education , as well as the deputy speaker of the Knesset and a member of the Finance committee , the Education committee and the Security and Foreign Affairs committee .
In 1967 he was appointed Ambassador in Vienna , with concurrent accreditation to Budapest , Hungary , during his stay in Vienna , he represented Pakistan at the International Atomic Energy Agency from 1967 to 1971 , and Alternative Governor for Pakistan on its Board of Governors from 1969 to 1971 .
The parliamentary opposition , formed by the True Path Party ( DYP ) and the Social Democratic People 's Party ( SHP ) claimed that the loss of popular support for ANAP in the March 1989 local elections did not give the party the democratic legitimacy to elect one of its politicians as President .
He graduated in 1835 from the United States Military Academy at West Point , New York .
It was recreated for the 1937 Irish general election when the old Dublin North constituency was divided into Dublin North-West and Dublin North-East .
Representative Barney Frank said " I do want to stress , this initial intervention into AIG was not part of the congressional rescue plan .
In 1970 , Walker was campaign chairman for the successful U.S. Senate campaign of Adlai Stevenson III ( son of Adlai II ) .
The party president is currently Boris Miletić , Mayor of Pula and one of 3 IDS 's representatives in the Croatian Parliament .
On 12 March 2007 , the Green Party announced that Berry would be the party 's candidate in the 2008 London mayoral election , after she received 45 % of the votes in the London Green Party 's internal election .
In 1920 , after the establishment of Soviet Union hegemony , Bukeikhanov joined the Bolshevik party and returned to scientific life .
As of April 2008 , The Forum Island Countries are also negotiating an Economic Partnership Agreement ( EPA ) with the European Union .
He replied that China 's former paramount leader , Deng Xiaoping , should have been the first Chinese to win the award .
Nevertheless , in the decades leading up to 1806 , Criollos had often been at odds with the Crown of Castile : they wanted an expansion of the free trade that was benefiting their plantation economy and objected to the Crown 's new policy of granting social privileges that had been traditionally been reserved for whites ( " españoles " ) to Pardos through the purchase of certificates of whiteness ( " gracias al sacar " ) .
After graduating from gymnasium ( secondary school ) at Spånga gymnasium in 1983 , she studied at the Universities of Stockholm University and Lund University .
For 2019 Polish parliamentary election Silesians Together became part of Polish Coalition led by Polish People 's Party .
He said that the micro , small and medium enterprise s comprise 99.6 percent of local businesses and employ 70 percent of the Philippines ' total work force .
His victories against Kingdom of Sardinia at Santa Lucia , Verona , Vicenza , and Custoza in 1848 and those in Mortara and Novara in 1849 consolidated the reign of young emperor Franz Joseph , at least temporarily .
The outgoing Chief Minister , vide a letter to President of India Pranab Mukherjee and Lieutenant Governor of Delhi Najeeb Jung recommended immediate dissolution of the State Assembly and to conduct elections immediately .
He is a former board member of the Free Software Foundation and Software Freedom Law Center ; the Washington , D.C. lobbying groups Public Knowledge and Free Press ; and the Electronic Frontier Foundation .Lessig , Lawrence .
Before he left Baghdad , Gaylani contacted Mulla Effendi and informed him that he had chosen his house as a safe haven for the royal family to stay until the conflict ended .
Ivan Drach was re-elected as leader , while his deputies became Mykhailo Horyn and Oleksandr Lavrynovych .
The general election took place in 40 parliamentary constituencies throughout Republic of Ireland for 147 seats in the lower house of parliament , Dáil Éireann .
Because of its association with Mapai , the party joined the governing coalition .
The Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party of Andalusia ( PSOE-A ) under incumbent regional president Rafael Escuredo won a landslide victory with 66 seats and 52.6 % of the share , the best result obtained by any party in an Andalusian regional election to date .
The Cabinet Balkenende IV fell on 20 February 2010 and continued to serve in a demissionary capacity with Rouvoet appointed as Minister of Education , Culture and Science following the resignation Ronald Plasterk dual serving in both positions , taking office on 23 February 2010 .
The PJP was centered in Birmingham , where it took City Council seats from the long-dominant Labour Party , drawing its support from Birmingham 's Kashmiri population ; there were some 90,000 residents of Azad Kashmir i descent in Birmingham in this period .
Shiu also attacked Wong Yeung-tat , Wong Yuk-man 's protege , for his opportunism .
" Ha 'aretz " , an Israeli newspaper , reported on January 30 that a number of Palestinian spies working in Gaza for Israel had been " intercepted " by Hamas .
Forde oversaw the Department of Trade and Customs in Fenton 's absence , and also deputised for Parker Moloney , the Minister for Markets and Transport .
Outside Thailand , he is best known as the king in the 1951 musical and 1956 film " The King and I " , based on the 1946 film " Anna and the King of Siam " in turn based on a 1944 novel by an American missionary about Anna Leonowens ' years at his court , from 1862 to 1867 .
Constituencies were redrawn for the 1983 United Kingdom general election to reflect the changes in local government in 1974 .
The Feminist Studio Workshop was founded in Los Angeles in 1973 by Judy Chicago , Arlene Raven , and Sheila Levrant de Bretteville as a two-year feminist art program .
Yechiel Granatstein ( ; June 6 , 1913 - February 7 , 2008 ) was a Poland -born Jewish author and writer in Yiddish and Hebrew , as well as a partisan fighter in World War II and a Jewish refugee activist following the Holocaust .
The National Filling Factory , Georgetown , was a First World War munitions factory situated near Houston in Renfrewshire , Scotland .
The National Democratic Action Society - Wa 'ad ( ) is Bahrain largest leftist political party .
Oxford : Clarendon , 1992 , p.123 , p.167 He stood unsuccessfully as a Liberal for Mile End in 1886 United Kingdom general election .
Jacob S. Fassett was nominated for governor on the first ballot ( vote : Fassett 514 , James Wolcott Wadsworth 85 , Stewart L. Woodford 83 , Philip Becker 52 , Joseph B. Carr 33 , Andrew D. White 1 ) .
Along with Flavia D 'Angeli ( Critical Left ) and Fabiana Stefanoni ( Communist Alternative Party ) , she was the first woman to be a candidate for Italian prime minister .
Given the narrow federalist victory in 1995 , a reference was made by the Jean Chrétien government to the Supreme Court of Canada in 1998 regarding the legality of unilateral provincial secession .
It is a theological and political theory based upon the view that the teachings of Jesus compel Christians to support communism as the ideal social system .
Gibraltar is the only Commonwealth of Nations or British Overseas Territory post office outside the United Kingdom that bears this title.es and the tops are also frequently painted black .
Under the March accord , brokered by Pakistan and Saudi Arabia , Rabbani and Hekmatyar agreed to share power until elections could be held in late 1994 .
John Innes had died in office and his replacement Alfred Hozack Cowling decided to contest the 1951 Ontario general election .
Recent contributors have included the National Asian Pacific American Women 's Forum , Georgetown University , the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health , PharmedOut , and SisterLove , Inc .
But it is also a film that like Mr. Van Sant 's other recent work - and also , curiously , like David Fincher ' s " Zodiac " , another San Francisco-based tale of the 1970s - respects the limits of psychological and sociological explanation .
Cardoza won the vacant World Boxing Council Latino light flyweight title on November 24 , 2012 with a unanimous decision ( UD ) win over Jose Aguilar .
Colorado had not previously voted Democratic in a close national election since 1948 United States presidential election in Colorado .
She was executive director of the St. Clair West Meals-on-Wheels and president of the Metro Toronto Federation of Community-based Seniors ' Agencies , and was strongly involved in activities involving Toronto 's Poland community .
Two visits to North Korea to solve the issue of abducted Japanese nationals only somewhat raised his popularity , as he could not secure several abductee 's returns to Japan .
Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan did not take over the office of Governor-General , instead appointing Khawaja Nazimuddin , a Bengali statesman from East Pakistan .
Corrado Augias ( born 26 January 1935 ) is an Italy journalist , writer and TV host .
Other potential candidates included Helmut Kohl and Richard von Weizsäcker , relatively unknown names at the time , who would go on to serve as Chancellor and President respectively .
When Laurent Kabila was killed in 2001 , his son Joseph Kabila took over the presidency while the country was going through the Second Congo War ( 1998-2003 ) .
Taking advantage of the House of Habsburg dynastic crisis after the assumption of the throne by Maria Theresa , he invaded Silesia in 1740 .
In 1932 , in the administration of Prime Minister Saitō Makoto , Horikiri served as Director-General of the Cabinet Legislation Bureau , and in 1933 was appointed Chief Cabinet Secretary .
In the 1993 New Zealand general election , Burton stood as the New Zealand Labour Party ' s candidate for Tongariro , an electorate in the central North Island , defeating Ian Peters .
After graduating from Chuo University in Tokyo in 1968 , he moved back to Okinawa and ran a " juku " , a private school .
The 1976 Resignation Honours of Harold Wilson - which became known as the " Lavender List " - had caused controversy as a number of recipients were wealthy businessmen whose principles were considered antithetic to those held by the Labour Party at the time .
After the fall of the Qing dynasty and before 1950 , the region roughly corresponding to the modern-day Tibet Autonomous Region ( TAR ) was a " de facto " independent nation .
On August 3 , 1989 , it was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places .
In November 2020 , he will star opposite Ana de Armas in Adrian Lyne ' s thriller " Deep Water " , an adaptation of Patricia Highsmith 's novel .
On 1 January 2017 , he was announced that he would run for presidency in 2017 Iranian presidential election .
Zikusoka sought political refugee in Kenya , and then later joined the United Nations Development Program and served as a consultant in New York and Saudi Arabia , then for the Commonwealth Secretariat in Barbados until Amin was overthrown in 1979 .
In 1966 , for diplomatic resolution , the Chinese revisited the national matter of the Sino-Russian border demarcated in the 19th century , but originally imposed upon the Qing Dynasty ( 1644-1912 ) by way of unequal treaties that annexed Chinese territory to the Russian Empire ( 1721-1917 ) .
Radu of Afumați belonged to the House of Drăculești lineage , as son of the Wallachia n Prince Radu IV the Great and of Princess Catalina .
About 400 individuals from Norwegian Kautokeino area then started to change nationality to Swedish and settled in the parish of Karesuando , simply to gain access to previous pasture regions in Finland , since Russia said that Swedish Sámi could enter Finland .
Mike Harris represented the right wing position in the 1990 race and called for the scrapping of pay equity and the introduction of user fees for health care while his rival in the leadership race , Dianne Cunningham , was seen as on the progressive wing of the party and was supported by Red Tory stalwarts such as Hugh Segal and John Tory .
The 1982 United States House of Representatives elections was an election for the United States House of Representatives held on November 2 , 1982 , in the middle of President Ronald Reagan ' s first term , whose popularity was sinking due to economic conditions under the 1982 recession .
On that day , he informed Justice Minister Wilhelm Marx that the intended expropriations did not serve the public interest but represented nothing more than fraudulent conversion of assets for political reasons .
After graduation in 1900 , he decided to study medicine at the University of Tartu .
It also authorised an initial review to subdivide abnormally large constituencies in time for the 1945 United Kingdom general election .
" Later Roosevelt would declare his own " Four Essential Freedoms " and call on Walter Russell to create a " Four Freedoms Monument " that was eventually dedicated at Madison Square Garden in New York City .
Led by Kurt Schumacher after World War II , the SPD initially opposed both the social market economy and Konrad Adenauer ' s drive towards Western integration fiercely , but after Schumacher 's death it accepted the social market economy and Germany 's position in the Western alliance in order to appeal to a broader range of voters .
First elected 2001 New York City mayoral election , he held office for three consecutive terms , winning re-election 2005 New York City mayoral election and 2009 New York City mayoral election .
During the session on December 25 , 1946 in Nanjing , the fifth and current Chinese constitution , known as the Constitution of the Republic of China , was ratified by the Kuomintang and adopted on December 25 , 1947 .
Following Mulroney , the Canadian conservative movement suffered a profound schism in the 1993 Canadian federal election , splitting into the distinct Progressive Conservative and Reform parties .
Either during his time as consul or immediately after his replacement by a suffect consul , he was appointed the " Praefectus Urbi " of Ancient Rome , a position he held from 27 February 288 until sometime in AD 289.Martindale & amp ; Jones , pg .
Scholz succeeded Franz Müntefering as Federal Minister of Labour and Social Affairs in the first cabinet of Chancellor Angela Merkel , when Müntefering left office in November 2007.Andreas Cremer and Brian Parkin , , Associated Press , 21 November 2007 .
In 1494 Florence restored Republic of Florence , expelling the Medici family that had ruled Florence for some sixty years .
He was also a member of groups of parliamentary contacts with the Russia and other countries .
Samis was re-elected for the redistributed constituency of Cornwall in 1975 Ontario general election , 1977 Ontario general election and 1981 Ontario general election .
His tomb is established in Budha Subba Temple at Bijaypur , east of Dharan .
He left the country , reportedly going to Abu Dhabi , then to Germany , then finally to the United States for treatment .
In the late 16th century , the threat of Ottoman Empire incursions strained the economy of the southern flanks of the Holy Roman Empire , and feudal lords continually increased their demands on the peasantry .
Additionally , pollsters only mentioned the first candidate on the list during interviews which could have made a difference in the results , as many veterans , including Democrats Sin Chung-kai , Albert Ho and Emily Lau , Liberal James Tien , Civic Party ' s Alan Leong , and People Power Albert Chan , stood in the second place behind the new faces on their party lists while their lists continued to trail behind in the polls .
In Hong Kong , only MacLehose , Kan and Wilson knew the purpose of their mission , which was facilitated by Youde in London and Cradock in Peking , and was endorsed by the Foreign Secretary , David Owen .
López Portillo 's first wife was Carmen Romano .
In the wake of the bursting of the United States housing bubble and the collapse of the American subprime mortgage industry , this bill was introduced by Rep. John Conyers ( D - Michigan ) on February 23 , 2009 .
Kim ran against two-term incumbent Republican Tom MacArthur , in a district that had been won by President Donald Trump in 2016 .
At one point he was introduced to Joseph Stalin .
The German Instrument of Surrender was signed on 8 May , but the Germans put Pavelić in sole command of NDH forces , and he ordered to continue fighting as the columns tried to reach the British forces to negotiate passage into Allied-occupied Austria .
The Seberang Perai City Council administers all three districts of Seberang Perai , as well as the two islet s off the coastline of Seberang Perai - Aman Island and Gedung Island .
While Joe Clark and his family were resident at 24 Sussex , the interiors were redecorated , the dining room ceiling receiving gold leaf re-purposed from another project and unnamed business associates of Pierre Trudeau installed a swimming pool for his frequent workouts .
It features collaborations with international artistes such as Ryan Tedder from OneRepublic , as well as Bruno Mars and Justin Michael who wrote the track " Knockin .
He was also the acting president of Turkey in 1993 and the leader of two political parties , notably of the True Path Party .
In the 1999 Scottish Parliament election , the Conservatives won only 18 of 129 seats .
Krishna Datt , last name sometimes spelt as " Dutt " , is a Fiji an politician of India n descent .
David Julian Fawcett ( born 23 October 1963 ) is an Australian Liberal Party of Australia politician serving as Senator for South Australia since 2010 Australian federal election .
Wa Central is located in the Wa Municipal district of the Upper West Region of Ghana .
Fawer also revealed defense plans to call as witnesses not only Mose Jefferson but also Republican former U.S. Representative Bob Livingston , head of the Livingston Group lobbying firm which represented in " Times-Picayune " , August 12 , 2009 , Saint Tammany Edition , pp .
She was born in Focșani and graduated from the Textile Technology and Chemistry faculty of the Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iași in 1989 .
Having finished law school in Zagreb and earned a doctorate degree , he became the Minister of Justice and Finance in the Kingdom of Montenegro in 1910 .
From 1872-1874 , Siemens led the establishment of Deutsche Bank in London , Paris , New York City , Argentina , Uruguay , Shanghai , and Yokohama .
According to the British newspaper " The Independent " , the " Tehelka " was founded by Tarun Tejpal , Aniruddha Bahal and another colleague who worked together at the " Outlook " magazine after " an investor with deep pockets " agreed to underwrite their startup .
In the following two national elections , in 1990 German federal election and in 1994 German federal election , he was elected to the Bundestag as a deputy for Mecklenburg-Vorpommern .
In 1892 , concerns regarding the lack of adequate medical aid for accident victims led to the establishment of the City Ambulance Transport Brigade in Brisbane , the Queensland Ambulance Transport Brigade ( QATB ) from 1902 .
Petrovaradin regiment had 102,765 inhabitants out of which 70,172 were Orthodox and 24,380 were Roman Catholic.Mladen Lorković , Narod i zemlja Hrvata , 1939 .
He replaced Zhu Mingguo , a former top provincial official who , like Wang 's Shenzhen mayoral predecessor Xu Zongheng , had also been dismissed for corruption .
He became a member of The Greens in 1994 and led their European list in the 1994 European Parliament election in the Netherlands .
The DSCC 's current Chair is Senator Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada , who succeeded Maryland 's Chris Van Hollen after the 2018 United States Senate elections .
After joining University of Algiers in 1975 , he taught at the Damascus University ( 1982 ) , University of Jordan ( 1983 ) , Kuwait University ( 1987 ) , Al al-Bayt University ( Jordan , 1998 ) , and at the Naif University in Riyadh ( 2001 - 2005 ) , in addition to spending the academic year 1991-1992 as a Fulbright Scholar at the University of Wisconsin-Madison .
At a March 2016 Donald Trump rally at the Kentucky International Convention Center in Louisville ,
Savimbi was succeeded by António Dembo , who assumed UNITA 's leadership on an interim basis in February 2002 .
In a presidential election set in an alternate 2008 , Bud Johnson ( Kevin Costner ) is a man from Texico , New Mexico , who is coasting through life and has not had a single political thought in his head , while being coaxed by his twelve-year-old daughter Molly ( Madeline Carroll ) to take more of a serious approach to life .
When the Dutch government-in-exile he is replaced by ARP-member Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy and the CHU provided one minister in these cabinets in exile .
The Council is currently co-Chaired by Bertie Ahern , the former Prime Minister of Ireland and the former President of Nigeria Olusegun Obasanjo ( the Right Honourable Jean Chrétien ( Prime Minister of Canada , is Honorary co-chair ) .
Chloe quickly goes head-to-head with her co-workers when evidence is uncovered that implicates journalist Meredith Reed ( Jennifer Westfeldt ) in an assassination plot against President Omar Hassan ( Anil Kapoor ) .
" Governor Edwin Edwards , New Orleans Mayor Moon Landrieu and the Louisiana House delegation chided the caucus for ousting Hebert as his years of political experience had generated thousands of jobs and brought millions of dollars into the state .
77-128 ) was the third king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Between 1980 and 1991 , the universities were again divided into three institutions , the University of Kinshasa , Kisangani University , and the University of Lubumbashi .
That was why the Han dynasty had Xiao He and Cao Shen , while the Previous Emperor had Gu Yong and Bu Zhi .
Sánchez Mazas was arrested and imprisoned in Madrid in March 1936 , as the Falange was outlawed .
Castro met then again with Allende at Puerto Montt where both embarked on the destroyer " Riveros " and sailed south , across the Patagonian channels , to arrive at Punta Arenas .
In 259 , during the reign of Sun Liang 's successor Sun Xiu , Lu Kang was appointed as General Who Guards the Army ( 鎮軍將軍 ) and placed in charge of Xiling ( 西陵 ; around present-day Yichang , Hubei ) .
In 2009 , Grenell founded Capitol Media Partners , an international strategic media and public affairs consultancy with offices in Los Angeles , San Francisco , New York City , and Washington , D.C.
Longtime CIA officer George Cave met with the Iranian Deputy Prime Minister Abbas Amir-Entezam and Foreign Minister Ebrahim Yazdi on October 15 , 1979 as part of an intelligence-sharing liaison approved by Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs Harold H. Saunders ; this preceded the initiation of the Iran hostage crisis on November 4 .
It remained unchanged until the redistribution following the reorganisation of local authorities under the Local Government Act 1972 ( not coming into force until the 1983 United Kingdom general election ) , when it lost northern parts to the new constituency of Billericay .
The Third Force government was organised after the dismissal of vice-premier Maurice Thorez and four others Communist ministers from Paul Ramadier ' s government during the May 1947 crisis .
He served in the cabinet of Prime Minister Bettino Craxi ( 1986-1987 ) , Giulio Andreotti ( 1989-1992 ) and Giuliano Amato ( 1992-1993 ) .
After the end of the BCP , the party was renamed to the Bulgarian Socialist Party in 1990 , which retained connections with Russia .
Butler was born on May 11 , 1849 in Gainesboro , Tennessee in Jackson County , the son of Tennessee 's 15th Secretary of State , Thomas H. Butler .
Mussolini lauded the conquest as a new source of raw materials and location for emigration and speculated that a native army could be raised there to " help conquer the Sudan .Bell , p .
In the 2013 gubernatorial election , Democrat Barbara Buono received 64.2 % of the vote ( 249 cast ) , ahead of Republican Chris Christie with 34.8 % ( 135 votes ) , and other candidates with 1.0 % ( 4 votes ) , among the 400 ballots cast by the borough 's 1,240 registered voters ( 12 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 32.3 % .
This section of City Hall contains the Council chamber ( known as Andrew S. Haydon Hall ) , a large atrium and a number of offices and public services .
This constitution , which lasted for two years , was drafted by the presidents Bernardo Soto Alfaro , Rafael Iglesias Castro , Ascensión Esquivel Ibarra , Cleto González Víquez and Carlos Durán Cartín .
Despite strict instructions to avoid provoking unnecessary confrontations with the ANC 's armed wing , the Umkhonto we Sizwe ( MK ) , Karl Vorster , the South African Minister of Law and Order , authorises a raid by the 44 Parachute Brigade on suspected MK bases in Zimbabwe .
Modern-day Democratic Native American politicians include Congresswomen Sharice Davids of Kansas and Deb Haaland of New Mexico and former Congressman Brad Carson of Oklahoma as well as Principal Chief Bill John Baker of the Cherokee Nation and Governor Bill Anoatubby of the Chickasaw Nation .
He served under Laurent Gouvion Saint-Cyr when , upon the retreat after the battle of Leipzig , the latter was trapped in Dresden and after the surrender of these forces he became a prisoner of the Austrian Empire for the rest of the war .
Two clandestine newspaper s , " J 'accuse " in the North zone and " Fraternité " in the Vichy France , were charged with countering the Nazi s ' and Vichy France ' s racist ideology .
In 1938 , he moved to Guilin to become the editor of " Guixi Daily " newspaper .
In 2013 , the attendance of Mart Helme was praised in Estonian media while the abstention of other parties ' leaders was frown upon and seen as a result of Russian anti-fascist propaganda .
During the Anglo-Iraqi War , the four members of the Golden Square commanded units located in the Baghdad area .
Republicans defeated three incumbent Democrats , a task the party had not accomplished since the 1980 United States Senate elections .
Following the practice of his two immediate predecessors since the 1870 invasion of Rome , Pius X gave his first " Urbi et Orbi " blessing on a balcony facing " into " St. Peter 's Basilica rather than facing the crowds outside , a symbolic representation of his opposition to Italian rule of Rome and his demand for a return of the Papal States to his authority .
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa The leader of PML-N , Nawaz Sharif , won a third term as Prime Minister of Pakistan , the first time this had happened in the history of the country .
Mencken was born in Baltimore , Maryland , on September 12 , 1880 .
Álvaro Santos Pereira was born in Viseu , Portugal in 1972 .
From April 2018 , she also briefly served as first German Ambassador to the Sovereign Military Order of Malta .
" Karl Rove & amp ; Co. v. Thornburgh " was heard by U.S. Federal Judge Sam Sparks , who had been appointed by George H.W. Bush in 1991 .
Several of China 's more high-profile Weiquan lawyers fall into the latter category , including Guo Feixiong and Chen Guangcheng .
John Jay had tried to secure some reciprocal trade provisions with Great Britain but without result .
One notable case was that of the Queensland Senator Glen Sheil .
He founded another newspaper , " La Regeneración " , and was friends with Ricardo Flores Magón .
His son , Wolfgang Kapp ( 1858-1922 ) , was the nominal leader of the Kapp Putsch .
Reaganomics has ( along with legislation passed under presidents George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton ) been criticized by many analysts as " setting the stage " for economic troubles in the United State after 2007 , such as the Great Recession .
Democratic strategist contributors to the book include David Axelrod , Donna Brazile , and James Carville .
In the 2003 Northern Ireland Assembly election , the SDLP lost 11.5 % of the vote and were only narrowly ahead of Sinn Féin .
Since is a member of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party .
From 1974 until 2000 , this was the constituency of Betty Boothroyd , who was first elected for the former West Bromwich in its by-election in 1973 and became the first woman to be Speaker of the House of Commons in 1992 .
Abdul Hakim Jan was an anti- Taliban militia leader in Kandahar , Afghanistan .
Otto Landsberg ( 4 December 1869 - 9 December 1957 ) was a Germany jurist , politician and diplomat .
The Speaker ' s role in presiding over Canada ' s House of Commons is similar to that of speakers elsewhere in other countries that use the Westminster system .
This exceptional growth of the liberals - and the contemporary defeat of the Socialist Party - can be explained by the poor economic results of the first Organic Centre-left and by the ability of the liberal leader Giovanni Malagodi to draw some votes from the Italian Social Movement , the Monarchist Party and especially Christian Democracy , whose electoral base was composed also by conservatives suspicious of the Socialists .
At Deraa he received a report from the Ottoman Fourth Army , which he ordered to withdraw to the Yarmuk to Irbid to Deraa line.Falls 1930 Vol .
Radomiro Tomic Romero ( 7 May 1914 - 3 January 1992 ) was a Chile an politician of Croatian origin .
Conrad would retain the cities of Tyre , Beirut , and Sidon , and his heirs would inherit Jerusalem on Guy 's death .
The Western Desert Force ( renamed Cyrcom and later the Eighth Army ) was depleted in early 1941 to send units to Greece , rather than complete the conquest of Libya , just as German troops and Italian reinforcements reached Libya .
Among his pupils the most eminent were Peter von Bohlen , C. P. W. Gramberg , A. G. Hoffmann , Hermann Hupfeld , Emil Rödiger , J. F. Tuch , Johann Karl Wilhelm Vatke and Theodor Benfey .
This would be the last election contested by the CCF or any third party in provincial PEI elections until the CCF 's successor , the New Democratic Party of Prince Edward Island , ran in by-elections in 1972 .
On June 15 , 2017 , Craft was nominated by President Donald Trump to become the ambassador to Canada .
Alkersum ( Fering : " Aalkersem " , ) is a municipality in the Nordfriesland district , in Schleswig-Holstein , northern Germany .
With Transylvania and the Bukovina awarded to Romania after the war , he became a Romanian citizen but he refused to return to his home in a country in the defeat of which he had played a significant role only a few years earlier , having expected of possible retaliation .
Lin Renzhao , the Southern Tang military governor of Zhenhai Command ( 鎮海軍 ) centering in Wuchang ( in modern Hubei ) , believed the opportunity golden to attack the Song cities around Yangzhou ( in modern Jiangsu ) as the main Song army would be a long distance away and already severely fatigued .
1808 - Joseph Bonaparte " ( pictured ) " approved the Bayonne Statute , a royal charter intended as the basis for his rule as king of Spain .
Garland lost his seat at the 1992 Irish general election , while Trevor Sargent gained a seat in Dublin North .
Scott N. Howell ( born September 28 , 1953 ) is an United States politician from Utah .
The term still carries relevance , since part of this group also defected to Donald Trump , the Republican candidate at the 2016 United States presidential election , who won in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , Iowa , and Florida .
Where the LSA was close to the SWP , the RMG was close to Britain 's International Marxist Group .
So , in 1926 , the 1914 initiative was declared to be valid and Harvey Parnell was elected Arkansas ' first lieutenant governor .
Ultimately , former Shanghai party chief Chen Liangyu was implicated in the scandal and removed from office .
Benjamin Britten , Paul Hindemith , Alexandre Tansman , Erich Wolfgang Korngold , Sergei Prokofiev , Karl Weigl , Franz Schmidt , Sergei Bortkiewicz , and Richard Strauss all produced pieces for him .
At this point Economics Minister Karl Schiller unexpectedly invited the leaders of the employers ' confederation , Gesamtmetall and of IG Metall to a mediation meeting , which took place in Bonn on 25 and 26 October 1967 .
He was again a Gore advisor during Gore 's campaign as Bill Clinton ' s running mate in the 1992 United States presidential election , coordinating Gore 's preparation for the vice-presidential debates .
In June 1969 , at the SNP Annual National Conference in Oban , Wolfe was 1969 Scottish National Party leadership election , defeating the incumbent leader , Arthur Donaldson , by 544 votes to 238.ref name = " bbc " /
Bremmer serves on the President 's Council of the Near East Foundation , the Leadership Council for the Concordia Summit , and the board of trustees of Intelligence Squared .
That year , many revolutionary groups wanted to emulate Benito Mussolini " March on Rome " with a " March on Berlin .
Medvedev was also endorsed by Agrarian Party of Russia , Fair Russia , Russian Ecological Party - " The Greens " and Civilian Power , but was officially nominated as a United Russia candidate .
In 1968 , McGee wrote " The Responsibilities of World Power " , which warned against isolationism and urged the United States to accept its power and position imposed upon it in the aftermath of World War II .
Childers 's state funeral in St. Patrick 's Cathedral , Dublin , was attended by his presidential predecessor Éamon de Valera and world leaders including the Earl Mountbatten of Burma ( representing Queen Elizabeth II ) , the British Prime Minister Harold Wilson and British Opposition Leader Edward Heath , and Presidents and crowned heads of state from Europe and beyond .
In a speech delivered by then- Speaker National Assembly Yousaf Raza Gillani , stressed the " Kashmir issue " as continue to endanger the peace and security in the region .
These conditions included the return of the sugar islands ( but Britain retained Dominica ) ; trading stations in West Africa ( won by Boscawen ) ; Pondicherry ( France 's Indian colony ) ; and fishing rights in Newfoundland .
Formerly active in Conservative Party politics , she was added to the Conservative Party 's A-List by David Cameron .
In 1892 , Chkheidze , together with Egnate Ninoshvili , Silibistro Jibladze , Noe Zhordania and Kalenike Chkheidze ( his brother ) , became a founder of the first Georgian Social-Democratic group , Mesame Dasi ( the " third team " ) .
In 2004 , Carr ran for the Greens in a by-election in Surrey-Panorama Ridge , held following the resignation of Liberal Gulzar Singh Cheema .
Shortly after leaving office , Wallace became the editor of " The New Republic " , a progressive magazine.Culver & amp ; Hyde ( 2000 ) , pp. 431-432 He also helped establish the Progressive Citizens of America ( PCA ) , a progressive political organization that accepted members regardless of race , creed , or political affiliation .
" Lahti " is a Finnish word meaning " inlet , " and there is a city in Finland also called Lahti .
JUI-F chief Fazlur Rehman said that Khan 's march was an effort to hide his party 's failure to perform in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government , comparable to the 1977 Pakistan National Alliance against Zulfikar Ali Bhutto .
She pointed out that while George H.W. Bush had withdrawn some Tactical Nuclear Weapon from Europe , Bill Clinton had failed to negotiate the elimination of strategic nuclear weapons.H. Caldicott , Canadian Medical Association Journal , 2009 , volume 20 , page 151
A number of British journalists humorously insinuated that the relaunch was done to combat the threat of the Eurosceptic UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) : Matthew Champion of " The Independent " compared the appearance of Dr. D. Vider to the UKIP 's leader Nigel Farage ,
The movement along with # Rhodesmustfall has been criticised by the South African Institute of Race Relations for eroding freedom of speech in South African universities by promoting intolerance of alternative points of view , with pro-FeesMustFall activists taking actions ranging from shouting down non-supporters to acts of intimidation and violence .
During his studies he became a supporter of the anti-revolutionary cause of Guillaume Groen van Prinsterer and he was elected to the Dutch House of Representatives for the Anti-Revolutionary Party ( ARP ) in 1879 .
In the 2018 Italian general election Tondo was elected to the Chamber of Deputies , by defeating his old-time Democratic rival Riccardo Illy in the single-seat constituency of Trieste .
The agency was initially housed in a rented building at Rameshwaram , Ranchi when there was no official accommodation available in the state .
Frederic Viscount Chelmsford , future Viceroy of India , was an uncle , and the actor Ernest Thesiger was a cousin .
Elected as a Member of Parliament for İstanbul 's first electoral district in the 2002 Turkish general election , he was re-elected as an MP in the 2007 Turkish general election as a candidate from his home province of Erzincan .
In 1938 , hearings concerning charges of membership in the Communist political party against labor leader Harry Bridges were held on Angel Island before Dean James Landis of Harvard Law School .
On Norfolk Island in 1882 , the church of St Barnabas was erected to Patteson 's memory , with windows designed by Edward Burne-Jones and executed by William Morris .
Agriculture was an early issue in the election , with the Liberals aiming a direct appeal at the farmers.The Times , 13 January 1928 p9 This followed the controversy over the Liberal Land enquiry of 1925 , instigated by David Lloyd George which had been published as " Land and the Nation " ( also known as the " Green Book " ) .
In a cabinet meeting on June 18 , the three ministers expressed the desire to flee to London to continue the war : Camille Gutt , Albert de Vleeschauwer and Marcel-Henri Jaspar .
On 30 June 1902 at St. Margaret 's , Westminster , he married Jeanne Langtry , daughter of Lillie Langtry , the famous actress .
Janet Kabila and her twin brother , Joseph Kabila were born on 4 June 1971 , the daughter of Sifa Mahayana and Laurent-Désiré Kabila .
During his tenure , a young Antonin Scalia introduces Cheney to the unitary executive theory .
Bass has worked as a senior policy advisor to former Congressman Chaka Fattah , and was a special assistant to Allyson Schwartz during her time in the State Senate .
The former Minister of Education Peter Fassbender took over Coralee Oakes ' s position as Minister of Community , Sport and Cultural Development , as well as taking over responsibility for TransLink from Todd Stone ' s Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure .
Also in 2008 , a section of Ganden Shartse at Mundgod similarly separated itself from Ganden Monastery and is now known as Shar Ganden monastery.ref group = web name = DH01 and other religious practices of the former institutions .
Currently he is a visiting professor at Stanford Law School , having succeeded Allen Weiner as the Warren Christopher Professor of the Practice of International Law and Diplomacy in 2007 .
Reagan ran with incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush of Texas , while Mondale 's running mate was Congresswoman Geraldine Ferraro of New York .
Since its formation the provincial seat is Kananga ( formerly Luluabourg ) which was also the seat of the Kasaï Province between 1957 and 1962 .
Elmi Ahmed Duale ( born 1935 ; ) is a Somalia physician , diplomat and politician .
Governing coalition members Fine Gael and Labour Party supported abolishing the Seanad citing a 20 million euros reduction in spending and fewer politicians , meanwhile Fianna Fáil opposed the proposal on the grounds that voters should " demand real reform .
In 5 April 2018 , Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte recognized the existence of a genocide against the Rohingya people .
Senator David I. Walsh , Democrat from Massachusetts and chair of the Senate Committee on Education and Labor , quickly wrote a substitute bill , the " National Industrial Adjustment Bill .
In the 2016 presidential election , Republican Donald Trump received 64.97 % of the vote ( 6,700 cast ) , ahead of Democrat Hillary Clinton with 30.88 % ( 3,184 votes ) , and other candidates with 4.15 % ( 428 votes ) , among the 10,417 ballots cast by the township 's 14,633 registered voters ( 105 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 71.1 % .
Among his brothers , Kampana governed the Nellore region , Muddppa administered the Mulabagalu region , Marappa oversaw Chandragutti and Bukka Raya was his second in command .
Wishnutama was born in Jayapura , Indonesia on 4 May .
Sammy Davis Jr , James Baldwin and Harry Belafonte crossed police lines .
After the subsequent intervention by the British in Alexandria ( the 1882 Anglo-Egyptian War ) , Baring returned from India to Egypt as the British agent and consul-general , " with a mandate for minor reforms and a prompt withdrawal of British troops .
In July 2018 , along with fellow Democrat Heidi Heitkamp and Republicans James Risch and Lamar Alexander , Manchin introduced the Recovering America 's Wildlife Act , a bill that would reallocate $ 1.3 billion annually from energy development on federal lands and waters to the Wildlife Conservation Restoration Program intended to conserve fish and wildlife .
Each constituency was entirely within a county or a grouping of two or three counties , or was if the cities of Aberdeen , Dundee , Edinburgh and Glasgow are regarded as belonging , respectively to the county of Aberdeen , the county of Angus , the county of Midlothian and the county of Lanark .
At the same time , close allies of Chalabi have been pushing claims that various world leaders and the UN took bribes from Saddam Hussein under the Oil for Food program .
In 2013 Unity of the Galician Left and New Socialist Left merged and created New Galician Left , as a new internal current within Anova .
He was born in the Urgench District of the Khorezm region of Uzbekistan on December 20 , 1949 .
Nixon increased the party 's caucus in the Legislative Assembly from 23 to 28 seats ( the total number of MPPs was increased from 108 to 117 in this election , and that the third-place Ontario New Democratic Party increased its representation from seven MPPs to twenty ) .
He said that an important factor in their support was the fear that the media was setting a standard for sexual misconduct that President Donald Trump would be unable to meet , " based off not any sort of conviction or any sort of admission of guilt , but based off of purely allegations .
The major part of Silesia remaining in Weimar Republic , was reorganised into the two provinces of Upper Silesia and Lower Silesia .
Incumbent supervisor London Breed ran for re-election .
He joined the Social Democratic Federation and served on its executive from at least 1883 , working with Joseph Lane and William Morris to oppose H. M. Hyndman ' s nationalism and authoritarianism .
Later that month , liberal advocacy website MoveOn held the first ever online Democratic " primary , " which lasted just over 48 hours .
Daniel Tompkins Van Buren was an 1847 graduate of the United States Military Academy who served in the Mexican-American War and the American Civil War , and attained the rank of brigadier general by brevet as a member of the Union Army .
Under Vladimir Putin , the dominant leader since 1999 , Russia has promoted explicitly conservative policies in social , cultural and political matters , both at home and abroad .
Standing with exultant Democratic Majority Leader George J. Mitchell were not only Murray , Feinstein and Boxer , but also Carol Moseley Braun of Illinois , the first black woman elected to the Senate .
184 of them won their seat , giving Justin Trudeau ' s party an overall majority in the new House of Commons .
Political wrangling earlier in 1933 had given Engelbert Dollfuss the opportunity to impose a form of post-democratic one-party government in First Austrian Republic .
Jagland has continually been criticized by Norwegian and foreign media of servility towards Vladimir Putin ' s Russia during his tenure .
On 1 December 2013 , De Jong and fellow former prime ministers Dries van Agt and Ruud Lubbers were present at the presentation of the book " Polarisatie en hoogconjunctuur " , a book about Dutch politics in the 1960s .
The result of the contest was a victory for the Labour Party candidate , Michael O 'Halloran , who won with a majority of 1,534 votes over the Conservative candidate Andrew Pearce .
Afterwards , Yang Jun was given the Yang Province ( then moved to modern Yangzhou , Jiangsu ) commandant post , and Yang Guang was returned to Bing Province .
GSI 's founder and current president is Regina M. Egea , who , after a 30-year career in the private sector , served in several high-level positions in the administration of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie , including as chief of staff .
The 2020 Vermont Republican primary took place on March 3 , 2020 , as one of 14 contests scheduled for Super Tuesday in the Republican Party primaries for the 2020 United States presidential election .
1958 marked also the year when Pekić wrote his first of over twenty original film scripts for the major film studios in Yugoslavia , among which " Dan četrnaesti " ( " The Fourteenth Day " ) represented Yugoslavia at the 1961 Cannes Film Festival .
It wants to make Japan a Non-Aligned Movement and neutral country , in accordance with its principles of self-determination and national sovereignty .
The alternative was to have several executives or an executive council , as proposed in the New Jersey Plan and as promoted by Elbridge Gerry , Edmund Randolph , and George Mason .
The Vehicle Efficiency Incentive ( VEI ) was introduced in the 2007 Canada federal government budget , aimed at promoting fuel-efficient vehicles .
He brought Captain Thunderbolt ' s enduring " bushranging " career to an end by shooting him near Uralla in New England , NSW .
Lake is the grandson of Kirsopp Lake , a member of the Church of England clergy who came from Oxford , England , to America in 1914 to teach New Testament studies at Harvard .
Operations started on 1 July 1964 serving the Harare - Kariba - Lusaka - Ndola - Kitwe run .
Inspired in his teens by the Greensboro sit-ins and other events of the Civil Rights Movement , he joined the Congress of Racial Equality at age seventeen .
S. Duraiswamy Tiruppur , Sedapatti Muthaiah , Durai Murugan , K. Raja Mohammad , Navalavan , M. Natarajan and L. Ganesan .
His father , Michael Liebel Sr. was born June 17 , 1843 , in Germany and was the son of John and Barbara ( née Hammer ) Liebel , who also lived in Erie , Pennsylvania .
All EU member states , as well as the EU itself , and the European Atomic Energy Community ( Euratom ) are party to this agreement .
This institution would become Westminster Theological Seminary ( named to stress its fidelity to the Westminster Confession of Faith ) and several conservatives on the Princeton faculty , including Machen , Cornelius Van Til , Robert Dick Wilson , and Oswald Thompson Allis , would leave Princeton to teach at Westminster .
In March 2017 , Reith was hospitalised after suspected bleeding on the brain and was unable to go through with his challenge to Michael Kroger for the Liberal party presidency .
Also swept up were the fiery anarchists Emma Goldman and Alexander Berkman .
For most of 1991 , the incumbent president , George H. W. Bush , was extremely popular after the Persian Gulf War .
In 1800 , as a result of the Irish Rebellion of 1798 , the Act of Union merged the kingdom of Great Britain and the kingdom of Ireland into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
Hollywood discovered Rogers in 1918 , as Samuel Goldwyn gave him the title role in " Laughing Bill Hyde " .
Kamchybek Tashiev ( born 27 September 1968 ) is a Kyrgyzstan i politician who was head of the political party Ata-Zhurt until its merger with the Respublika party in 2014 .
The death of the general Sani Abacha revealed the global nature of graft .
It was abolished into the ridings of Regina North West , Regina Centre and Regina North East .
" Rideau Hall " is a Canada television series broadcast begun in 2002 on CBC Television .
The shortest term of the post-revolutionary period is that of Matthew Talbot , who served 13 days after succeeding his predecessor who died in office .
Stanley F. Birch Jr , a 1990 George H. W. Bush appointee , in a concurring opinion , rebuked President Bush and Congress : " In resolving the Schiavo controversy , it is my judgment that , despite sincere and altruistic motivation , the legislative and executive branches of our government have acted in a manner demonstrably at odds with our Founding Fathers ' blueprint for the governance of a free people - our Constitution .
The party is a member of the Socialist International as well as the Progressive Alliance , an international grouping of socialist , social-democratic and labour parties .
His disagreement with Eleftherios Venizelos over whether Greece should enter World War I led to the National Schism .
The United States took control of Puerto Rico from Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish-American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 .
On September 18 , 2004 , Dole offered the inaugural lecture to dedicate the University of Arkansas Clinton School of Public Service , during which he chronicled his life as a public servant and also discussed the importance of public service in terms of defense , civil rights , the economy , and in daily life .
Some controversy also exists about Socrates 's attitude towards homosexuality W. K. C. Guthrie , .
Germany 's post-war diplomatic network started as early as 1949 with a mission in Paris to the newly formed Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development .
The two most prominent Republicans contemplating a challenge to Clinton were lawyer Edward F. Cox ( the son-in-law of former President Richard M. Nixon ) and Westchester County District Attorney Jeanine Pirro .
This is the list of the 91 Members of the Canadian Parliament that lost their seat at the 2011 Canadian federal election .
The committee included Harley himself , the two Auditors of the Imprests ( whose task was to investigate government spending ) , Edward Harley ( the Chancellor 's brother ) , Paul Foley ( the Chancellor 's brother-in-law ) , the Secretary of the Treasury , William Lowndes ( who had had significant responsibility for reminting the entire debased British coinage in 1696 ) and John Aislabie ( who represented the October Club , a group of about 200 MPs who had agreed to vote together ) .Carswell p.40 , 48-50
The Associated Press reported that at a press conference on Monday , March 17 , Tibet Autonomous Region governor Qiangba Puncog announced that 16 had been confirmed dead over the weekend 's violence and dozens injured .
The constitution was abrogated following the 2006 Coup d 'etat , by the military under General Sonthi Boonyaratglin .
After Operation Lalang in 1987 , where the government detained several political dissidents without trial under the Internal Security Act ( ISA ) , the High Court granted Karpal Singh ' s application to be released from detention due to technicalities in the way he had been detained.Means , pp. 236-237 .
Many were Cree , descendants of Little Bear 's ( Imasees ) band , and Métis , descendants of the Louis Riel band of mixed-race peoples from the Red River of the North area .
Between 1993 and 2001 , the SF supported a Social Democrat / Danish Social Liberal Party minority government led by Poul Nyrup Rasmussen .
Incumbent Democrat Bill Pascrell defeated Republican Jose Sandoval .
Accordingly , they did not come into effect for the 2019 United Kingdom general election which took place on 12 December 2019 , and which was contested using the constituency boundaries in place since 2010 .
Following his defeat in the gubernatorial election , Lee was elected to the United States Senate in a special election on November 4 , 1913 , to fill the vacancy caused by the death of senator Isidor Rayner .
In 1968 the " Blue Streak " refurbished railcars were introduced to the Wellington - Auckland run , having failed to raise patronage between Hamilton and Auckland .
Green MP Otto Schily , member of the investigation committee , later filed a complaint against Chancellor Helmut Kohl for alleged false testimony .
Series creator Charlie Brooker , who wrote the episode , quickly denied any prior knowledge of the allegations , calling the situation " a complete coincidence , albeit a quite bizarre one .
However , not all of the Telford New Town developments are in the constituency ; the northern parts and some western areas ( including the town of Wellington ) which pre-dates Telford , are in The Wrekin constituency .
In 114 / 113 BC , he seized Dura-Europos in Syria from the Seleucids , and by 95 BC , the northern Mesopotamian kingdoms of Adiabene , Gordyene , and Osrhoene had acknowledged his authority .
" Civil List Act 1837 ( c.2 ) Famous recipients include William Wordsworth , William Barnes , Chris Wrigley , ' Barnes , William ( 1801-1886 ) ' , " Oxford Dictionary of National Biography " , Oxford University Press , 2004 ; online edn , Jan 2006 ,
This attempt failed , however , and the main opposition party in Parliament , the Social Democratic Party of Croatia , began to gather signatures for an early dissolution of parliament so elections could be held by the end of the year .
Brenda Hale is a Democratic Unionist Party politician in Northern Ireland .
The party emerged in January 1994 as the successor to the Christian Democracy ( DC ) , Italy 's dominant party since World War II , following the final national council of the DC and the split of a right-wing faction led by Pier Ferdinando Casini , which had formed the Christian Democratic Centre ( CCD ) .
Prior to the 1912 Democratic National Convention , Wilson made a special effort to win the approval of three-time Democratic presidential nominee William Jennings Bryan , whose followers had largely dominated the Democratic Party since the 1896 United States presidential election .Cooper ( 2009 ) , pp. 141-142
See usage in captions and narrative at Pre-Code Hollywood page-- Marx Brothers comedy film written by Bert Kalmar and Harry Ruby , with additional dialogue by Arthur Sheekman and Nat Perrin , and directed by Leo McCarey .
Many German Communist Party ( KPD ) members were also among the victims , for example Hermann Taubenberger and Walter Haenisch , with over two hundred shot with the explicit approval of KPD leaders Wilhelm Pieck and Walter Ulbricht , having been betrayed to the NKVD , it is said , by Herbert Wehner , then still a member of the KPD Politburo .
He was buried in Petrašiūnai Cemetery .
Bishnupur ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is a Legislative Assembly constituency of South 24 Parganas district in the India n State of West Bengal .
At the 1994 elections , Martinazzoli formed a center alliance known as Pact for Italy , including PPI and other democratic centre forces .
In 1998 , Ioan Moisin , a Christian Democratic senator and a Greek Catholic priest , called upon Romania ' s Ministry of Education to establish a commission of Catholics who would revise biology textbooks and philosophical textbooks to not contradict Biblical creationism .
Lewis held multiple portfolios in the shadow cabinet s of both Barry MacKinnon and Richard Court , and after the Liberal victory at the 1993 Western Australian state election was appointed Minister for Planning and Minister for Heritage in the Court-Cowan ministry .
In 2004 Senator Charles Schumer and Representative Eliot Engel secured passage of legislation officially renaming the post office in memory of Waverly Brown , Edward O 'Grady II , and Peter Paige , two local police officers and a security guard killed by members of the Black Liberation Army during the 1981 Brinks robbery at nearby Nanuet Mall .
Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Robert P. Griffin ran for re-election to a third term , but was defeated by the Democratic candidate , and President of the Detroit City Council Carl Levin .
Warnings had been given and 400,000 people were evacuated from the city across the Rwanda n border into neighbouring Gisenyi during the eruption .
Horie announced on August 19 , 2005 , that he would run in the snap 2005 Japanese general election as an independent in the Hiroshima sixth district .
Gligorić was born in Belgrade to a poor family .
A total of 17 parties won representation in the 8th assembly of the Croatian Parliament : Croatian Democratic Union ( 51 ) , Social Democratic Party of Croatia ( 42 + 1 representative of national minorities ) , Bridge of Independent Lists ( 19 ) , HNS ( 9 + 2 national minority representatives ) , Labourists ( 3 ) , Istrian Democratic Assembly ( 3 ) , .
After the passing of the act , Richard Brinsley Sheridan publicly bemoaned the way in which the Bank of England had fallen under the influence of William Pitt the Younger by describing the institution as " An elderly lady in the City , of great credit and long standing who had unfortunately fallen into bad company .
She is the only child of Suraiya Abdullah Ali and Mohammad Ali Matto - and the granddaughter of Sheikh Abdullah .
He graduated from Central Party School of the Communist Party of China , earning a MBA degree .
She served as the Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs in the U.S. Department of State and as a counsellor to President George W. Bush .
He remained supportive and administrative figure in Pakistan ' s non-nuclear proliferation , and monitored Abdul Qadeer Khan ' s suspicious activities throughout 1976 .
Massachusetts Bay Colony Governor Samuel Shute commissioned noted cartographer Captain Cyprian Southack to recover anything of value from the " Whydah " wreck , but , as he expressed with great exasperation in a number of letters to the governor , continuing storms , deadly surf and intense resistance from the local community prevented the recovery of anything valuable .
He attended Auckland Grammar School in New Zealand and Belmont Military Academy in the United States before studying at Stanford University .
Commentator Charles Krauthammer said " I would deny them the bonuses if possible .
After studying from the period of 1978 to 1982 she worked at the Prestea Goldfields Limited in administration and moved in 1982 as an English tutor at the Wesley Girls ' Senior High School in Cape Coast .
Dorise Nielsen was elected in the North Battleford riding as a Unity member ; she was the third woman and the first Communist to sit in the House of Commons .
In 2014 President Jacob Zuma split the ministry by establishing the position of Minister of Telecommunications and Postal Services , but the ministries were combined again in 2018 under President Cyril Ramaphosa .President Ramaphosa changed the name to : : Communications , Telecommunications and Postal Services .
His former Prime minister Georges Pompidou was elected President of France .
One of the Kingston Trio ' s most popular folk songs in the 1950s , " The MTA Song , " was written by supporters of the Progressive Party of Massachusetts ' 1949 Boston mayoralty candidate , Walter A. O 'Brien .
Investigations during 1912 into an attempt to assassinate the then Viceroy of India , Charles Hardinge , promulgated the discovery of links between Bengal revolutionaries commanded by erstwhile Jugantar member Rash Behari Bose , and the Ghadr movement in Punjab .
Elections to East Ayrshire Council were held on 1 May 2003 , alongside 2003 Scottish Parliament election .
The disastrous showing at the polls in the 1928 German federal election ( the party 's share of votes fell from 21 % in 1924 to 14 % in 1928 ) led to a new outbreak of party in-fighting.E. Kolb , " The Weimar Republic " , 2nd ed .
It allowed Nonconformists ( or Dissenters ) their own places of worship and their own teachers and preachers , subject to certain oaths of allegiance and to the registering of these locations and leaders , but it perpetuated their existing social and political disabilities , including their exclusion from political office and also from universities ( Oxford and Cambridge were the only universities in England and Wales at that time ) .
In 1993 Waldner married Francisco Ferrero Campos , a lecturer in Spanish and Latin American literature at the University of Vienna .
Harry Bartow Hawes ( November 15 , 1869 - July 31 , 1947 ) was an United States lawyer , conservationist , and politician who served as a Democratic member of the U.S. House and Senate from Missouri .
It reaffirmed the expansion and redeployment of the MONUC operation and emphasised a further review would be considered to monitor the withdrawal of foreign troops , the implementation of the aforementioned plans and enhance security of the border areas with Rwanda , Uganda and Burundi .
Mutlaq was appointed as a Deputy Prime Minister of Iraq alongside Hussain al-Shahristani under Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki .
The Social Democratic Party of Finland had supported the losing side , and several of its leaders were exiled in the Soviet Russia .
Her captain , Edwin P. Thompson , traveled to the Russian whaling station Mamga in Tugur Bay , where she was sold at auction for between $ 970 and $ 1,100 to Otto Wilhelm Lindholm .
In a February CNN landline opinion poll , Paul was the candidate with the least name recognition besides John H. Cox .
The two letters patent Texts published in Élie Benoist 1693 I : 62-98 ( noted by Rothrock ) .
The Greater Taree City Council ( GTCC ) was a local government area on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales , Australia , until 12 May 2016 when it was amalgamated to form part of the Mid-Coast Council .
The Union was brought into existence under the Acts of Union on 1 May 1707 , forming a single Kingdom of Great Britain .
The East Timor Medal is a New Zealand campaign medal , authorised in 2000 , for award to New Zealanders who have served in East Timor from the commencement of the New Zealand involvement in June 1999 until 27 April 2006
Taras Chornovil was born on June 1 , 1964 in Lviv , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ( now Ukraine ) , to Vyacheslav Chornovil , , and his wife , Olena Antoniv .
He then ran for , and was elected to , the United States Senate in 1922 United States Senate elections as a Democrat .
Bigod 's rebellion of January 1537 was an armed rebellion by English Roman Catholics in Cumberland and Westmorland against King Henry VIII of Kingdom of England and the English Parliament .
He had scarcely crossed the River Krishna when he was met by 25,000 Marathas under the personal command of their " Peshwa " , Balaji Baji Rao .
Political scientists Carol M. Swain and Russell Nieli , in their text on white nationalism , identify the idea of " white pride " as a relatively new phenomenon in the United States .
In 1968 , he married Eeva Ahtisaari .
Everything changed in January 1933 when the Nazi Party took power and lost no time in transforming Germany into a one- Nazi Party dictatorship .
According to Waylon Jennings ' s narration , he had a " cradle to grave " earning plan ; in that if you were a Hazzard County resident , you were born at the local hospital ( owned by Hogg ) , you lived in a house that he owned the deed to , worked at one of his businesses , and when you died , his casket company would make your pine box .
Since then , the state has remained in the Republican camp , and was won by Donald Trump with a 3.5 % margin in 2016 United States presidential election , although Trump 's margin of victory was much smaller than that of past Republican presidential nominees .
Most of his youth was spent in New Zealand , mainly in the city of Christchurch .
New York Governor David Paterson and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg called the Affordable Care Act a " disgrace , " because it gave more money under Medicaid to states like Nebraska , whose senator , Democrat Ben Nelson , held out for more financial support as a condition of voting for the bill .
During 1990 Lippmann also became a member of the Social Democratic Party in the GDR party executive for Thuringia , which was formally reinstated as a federal state ( " " Bundesland " " ) in October .
In the 2004 Hong Kong legislative election , she ran in the Hong Kong Island geographical constituency direct election after the Election Committee electoral college seats were abolished .
Evangeline was born in Algeria , the eldest daughter of an English couple , John Erington French and his first cousin Frances Elizabeth French .
" On 3 June 1991 , Keating June 1991 Australian Labor Party leadership spill , but lost in a 66-44 vote and moved to the backbench .
He was a part-time law partner of Carl Bonnevie from 1907 to 1909 , then independently from 1910 and in partnership with Brynjulf Wangen from 1912 .
Argentina forces invaded the British dependent territory of the Falkland Islands on 2 April 1982 .
He worked primarily at Thalassery on the Malabar coast , in Kerala , India .
He attended Washington College in Chestertown , Maryland and for a time lived in Philadelphia .
He was one of the founders of the Democratic Party in Serbia , Yugoslavia in December 1989 .
The United States Senate special election in Texas , 1993 was held on June 6 , 1993 to replace Democratic U.S. Senator Lloyd Bentsen , who had resigned to become Secretary of the Treasury .
The Kapp Putsch , also known as the Kapp-Lüttwitz Putsch , named after its leaders Wolfgang Kapp and Walther von Lüttwitz , was an attempted coup in Berlin on 13 March 1920 which aimed to undo the German Revolution of 1918-1919 , overthrow the Weimar Republic and establish an autocratic government in its place .
Mick Keelty revealed that Scotland Yard had initially told Australian Federal Police investigators that the SIM card was found in the jeep confirming that the conduit for the SIM card error was the Australian Federal Police , contrary to Mick Keelty 's previous denials .
Parameswaran II was a Pallava king in India who ruled from 728 to 731 A.D. He was the son of Raja Simhan .
A jurist by education , Anundsen rose to prominence for his work chairing the parliamentary Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs from 2009 to 2013 , summoning several cabinet members to hearings , as well as committee work that concluded unanimously to criticise the government of Jens Stoltenberg for lack of emergency preparedness prior to the 2011 Norway attacks .
The 1961 Worcester by-election was a by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Worcester on 16 March 1961 .
The Fourth Howard Ministry ( Liberal Party of Australia - National Party of Australia Coalition ) was the 64th ministry of the Government of Australia , and was led by Prime Minister John Howard .
Riccheri and explorer Francisco Moreno co-founded the Argentine Boy Scouts Association on July 4 , 1912 ; he served as its first secretary , during Moreno 's tenure as President of " Scouts de Argentina " , and succeeded Moreno as its president upon the latter 's death in 1919 .
On 15 July 2012 , Ms. Dlamini-Zuma won a tightly contested vote to become the first female head of the African Union Commission , replacing Jean Ping of Gabon .
Most important was the abolition of the Council of the Realm in Denmark .
Born in New Haven , Connecticut , Hubbard pursued a classical education , graduating from Yale College in 1799 .
Arthur Allen Fletcher ( December 22 , 1924 - July 12 , 2005 ) was an United States government official , widely referred to as the " father of affirmative action " as he was largely responsible for the Revised Philadelphia Plan .
The son of immigrants from Croatia , Mahovlich was scouted by several National Hockey League teams while playing for the Schumacher Lions of the Northern Ontario Hockey Association .
He graduated with an MBBS from King Edward Medical University Lahore in 1963 .
Carl Trumbull Hayden ( October 2 , 1877 - January 25 , 1972 ) was an United States politician and the first United States Senator to serve seven terms .
In 1872 he moved to Boston and after becoming a member of the Boston Society of Natural History in 1874 , he decided to study zoology full-time .
She has been vice-chair of China Writers Association since 2006 , and professor in Chinese Literature at Fudan University since 2004 .
She was a New Democratic Party of Manitoba member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 2003 to 2016 and a cabinet minister from 2004 until she stepped down in 2014 to unsuccessfully challenge Premier Greg Selinger for the party 's leadership .
The origins of FPS date to 1790 ( a year after the US Marshals Service ) , with the enactment of the Residence Act , authorizing President George Washington to appoint three commissioners to create a federal territory for a permanent seat of federal government .
The two " major parties " in India are the BJP ( led by Vajpayee ) and the Congress ( led by Sonia Gandhi ) .
The Italian Socialist Party voted against it but made no effort to coordinate other parties to oppose it .
They had three daughters and a son of the same name , Charles James Faulkner ( 1847-1929 ) , who like his elder brother E. Boyd Faulkner ( 1841-1917 ) became Confederate officers and later politicians , diplomats and judges.Evans pp. 196 , 202 Congressional Biographical Directory , " Charles James Faulkner , Virginia "
In 1917 the party split apart , primarily over the issue of support for the war , and Ketty Guttmann moved over with breakaway faction , which became known as the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany .
While still in college , she was appointed by then-governor Jerry Brown to the CSU system 's Board of Trustees and served as the student member of the board .
On July 14 , 1923 , the Hague Academy of International Law , an initiative of the Endowment , was formally opened in the Peace Palace at The Hague .
The Democratic 2016 presidential candidates , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders , both condemned the law.Michael Walsh , ' , April 25 , 2016 , Yahoo ! News
Hearst later financed Marcus Daly to operate his Anaconda mine in Butte , Montana and acquired an interest in that mine as well.C. B. Glasscock , " War of the Copper Kings " , 1966 edition , p70 .
Fromm was a candidate for the Canadians ' Choice Party in Etobicoke Centre during the 2018 Ontario general election , receiving 631 votes ( 1.1 % ) .
" Jure uxoris " Kings in Kingdoms such as Spain and Portugal can also be found ( Ferdinand V and Isabella I of Castile , Philip I and Joanna of Castile , Peter III and Maria I of Portugal , etc .
TEXT : On 19 November 2005 , Hezb-Islami party leader , Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and Dr. Amin ( ( nln ) ) , Usama Bin Laden " s financial advisor , both flew to North Korea departing from an Iran .
Subsequently , in the 2014 ( 16th ) Lok Sabha elections she was trounced by Harivansh Singh of Apna Dal .
In 1940 , he was arrested by the Vichy France French authorities and confined in Le Mans , where he could escape and return to Céret .
IMRO - Bulgarian National Movement , the Union of Democratic Forces , the Bulgaria for Citizens Movement , the " Direct Democracy " movement and two Independent candidates didn 't win any mayoral positions on the provincial level in the first round of the election , but qualified for one runoff election each .
To be fully implemented , this would require reforming existing international organisations , e.g. the United Nations , as well as the creation of new institutions such as a World Parliament , which ideally would enhance public control over , and accountability in , international politics .
The journal was established in 1968 as the " Georgia Government Review " by the Carl Vinson Institute of Government ( the Institute of Government until 1983 ; University of Georgia ) and is the official journal of the Section on Intergovernmental Administration and Management of the American Society for Public Administration .
Instead of returning to Italy , Wilcox took up residence in San Francisco , California , and worked as a surveyor while his wife Gina earned extra money teaching French and Italian .
However , the United States territory does not ban discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity , except in relation to government employees .
Civilization first reached the vicinity of Union County by means of a French expedition under Jolliet and Jacques Marquette in 1673 ; they are unlikely to have landed within Union County 's current boundaries , but they are known to have explored the lower end of the Upper Mississippi River .
One of the first and most influential members of the gay rights movements , Frank Kameny , was thrust into unemployment because of his sexual orientation in 1957 .
Turkey had another agreement , the " Treaty on Friendship and Brotherhood , " also called the Treaty of Moscow , signed on March 16 , 1921 with Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .
Presidential elections were held in Slovakia in March and April 2009 , the country 's third direct presidential elections .
These include : the Indian Military Academy , Dehradun , Indian Naval Academy , Ezhimala , Air Force Academy , Hyderabad , Officers Training Academy at Chennai and Gaya .
He was reelected to the parliament in the 2011 Turkish general election , this time as deputy for Edirne .
His girlfriend , the taz -publisher and green member of the European Parliament Brigitte Heinrich , was led by Croissant to join his work for the Stasi till her death in 1987 .
For more than a century before the Reform Act , Boroughbridge was owned by the Dukes of Newcastle , who controlled around fifteen seats across the country ; however , in the 1790s , they sold one of the seats for £ 4,000 to the banker Thomas Coutts , who used it to put his son-in-law , Francis Burdett , into Parliament .
Lott and his future Senate colleague , Thad Cochran ( also elected to Congress that year ) , were only the second and third Republicans elected to Congress from Mississippi since Reconstruction ( Prentiss Walker was the first in 1964 ) .
The Texas Education Agency ( TEA ) is the branch of the government of Texas responsible for public education in Texas in the United States .
The two main opposition parties on this front in 1969 were the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) - the Malaysian successor to the PAP , widely seen as Chinese-based - and the Parti Gerakan Rakyat Malaysia ( Gerakan ) , an ostensibly multiracial party led by former MCA stalwart , Lim Chong Eu , and other middle-class intellectuals like Tan Chee Khoon and Syed Hussein Alatas .
Hōjō Tokimasa , who was the father-in-law of the first " shōgun " Minamoto no Yoritomo , father of Hōjō Masako , became the first " shikken " in 1203 , after Yoritomo 's death .
Finally , global institutions ( United Nations ) , as well as regional ( African Union , Arab League ) and specialized institutions ( International Monetary Fund , World Bank , International Energy Agency , World Health Organization ) have to adjust to the new global order and find adequate solutions .
His reign included the last failed attempts to hold back the Ottoman Turks in Bithynia and the defeat at Rusokastro against the Second Bulgarian Empire , but also the successful recovery of Chios , Lesbos , Phocaea , Thessaly , and Despotate of Epirus .
Schneller featured again in the 1986 DFF biographical film about Ernst Thälmann .
He engaged with great educators of his , and earlier generations , such as the late nationalist and Yoruba leader , Obafemi Awolowo ( who forwarded several of Ayodele 's educational books ) , the late activist , social crusader and educator , Tai Solarin , and the once Lagos State governor , Lateef Kayode Jakande , who achieved free education at all educational levels in Lagos State , Nigeria .
The provinces of the Colony of New Zealand existed as a form of sub-national government .
Wiegel attended the Municipality Gymnasium in Hilversum from June 1953 until June 1959 and applied at the University of Amsterdam in July 1959 majoring in Law before switching to Political science and obtained an Bachelor of Social Science degree in July 1962 .
Forrest was a friar of the order of Benedictines .
After the 2014 Ukrainian revolution , Viktor Yanukovych abandoned his office and fled the country .
On February 4 , 2011 , Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper and United States President Barack Obama issued a " Declaration on a Shared Vision for Perimeter Security and Economic Competitiveness "
Initially named as one of Walter Mondale ' s top potential choices for his vice presidential running mate in 1984 , he took his name out of the running early in the process .
Bottom : Reggie Forte and Bobby Hutton ( Treasurer ) .
This convoy was made up of one combat veteran from every Troop in the division , and it marched through Hachiōji , Fuchū , and Chōfu before reaching Tokyo ; this convoy of the 1st Cavalry Division , with many veterans of the 7th Cavalry Regiment in the ranks , became the first Allied unit to enter the city .
Formed in May 2012 and named after the early Kurdish Muslim leader Saladin , the group was led by defected Syrian Army Captain Bewar Mustafa and fought against Syrian government forces in and around the city of Aleppo .
He landed at Samsun with Mustafa Kemal Atatürk in 1919 to start the resistance in Anatolia .
Operations started in July 1933 , initially linking Cairo with Alexandria and Mersa Matruh using de Havilland DH.84 Dragon equipment .
General elections were held in Senegal on 28 February 1988 to elect a President and National Assembly .
It is believed that Ballance wished Robert Stout , a colleague known for his liberal views , to succeed him , but in the end , the leadership passed to Richard Seddon .
In late 1833 , Clay began to hold a series of dinners with opposition leaders in order to settle on a candidate to oppose Martin Van Buren , the likely Democratic nominee in the 1836 United States presidential election .
After the Labour Party ' s surprising loss in the 2017 Norwegian parliamentary election , commentators such as the editor of " Avisenes Nyhetsbyrå " highlighted that the party had ignored a strong surge in discontent with mass immigration among potential voters .
In late 1979 , the government of Prime Minister Joe Clark secretly issued an Order in Council were fictionalized in the 1981 film Escape from Iran : The Canadian Caper and the 2012 film " Argo " .
The film was produced by Oscar Kramer and Hugo Sigman , and stars Rodrigo de la Serna , Pablo Echarri and Nazareno Casero .
Ted Kennedy 's death gained massive public attention in Israel , as all the Kennedy brothers were big supporters of the Jewish state , including Ted Kennedy .
Other contemporary parties operating in Vermont include the Liberty Union Party ( 1970 ) , Libertarian Party ( 1972 ) , and Green Mountain Party ( 2015 ) .
44 % of the Mohawks of Kanesatake live in the Indian reserve of Kanesatake Lands located 53 km west of Montreal in Quebec .
In December 2014 , Quarmby announced that she would be seeking the Green Party of Canada nomination in Burnaby North - Seymour for the upcoming federal election .
Having been Liberal candidate in Rochdale at the 1970 United Kingdom general election when he took the party to second place , Smith won the seat at the 1972 by-election with a large swing from Labour to the Liberals , and a majority of 5,171 .
Widely expected to be promoted to full minister after the 1991 General Election , Seet lost her seat in Parliament to Singapore Democratic Party " s Ling How Doong in election .
In 1922 Hübener was elected vice land-captain of the Prussian Province of Saxony with Rudolf Oeser ( * 1858-1926 * ) serving as Saxon land-captain .
Journalist Jane Mayer has said that the Koch brothers were essential in funding and strengthening the movement , through groups such as Americans for Prosperity .
A partial list of twentieth-century Reformation scholars and historians of theology influenced by him would include the names of James Luther Adams , William A. Clebsch , John Dillenberger , B.A. Gerrish , Hans Hillerbrand , Jaroslav Pelikan , Joseph Sittler , and Lewis Spitz.See the contributors to the Pauck " Festschrift , Interpreters of Luther " .
He said that he considered it retribution for Streep 's role in the film " The Post " because he believed the film was a direct attack on Donald Trump .
On October 31 , 1517 , Martin Luther , a professor of moral theology at the University of Wittenberg , now part of the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg , had delivered the " Ninety-five Theses " to Albert of Brandenburg , the elector of Electorate of Mainz .
Oberländer again became active in German politics , first in the liberal Free Democratic Party , then in the Bloc of Refugees and Expellees ( GB / BHE ) ( despite the fact that he himself was not expelled ) , where he would become a prominent figure alongside another ex-Nazi Waldemar Kraft who had previously been interned for two years for his wartime activities in occupied Poland
Smith sent her to live with the family of the manager of his Philadelphia sales office .
The 151st Infantry Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service during the Second World War in Belgium and France in 1940 , and later in North Africa , Tunisia and Sicily , and later in Normandy in mid-1944 and North-western Europe .
The Street Artists Program of San Francisco is a municipal arts program in which independent street artist s and crafts people sell their art and craft items in designated public spaces in the city of San Francisco , California .
The younger de Venecia testified on September 18 that Mike Arroyo , President of the Philippines Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo ' s husband , personally told him to " back off " from pursuing the NBN project .
In Europe the expression of a Universal Monarchy as actual total " imperium " can be seen in the Roman Empire , and as the predominate " sole sovereign " state during its Byzantine period , where the Emperor by virtue of being the head of Christendom claimed a sovereignty over all other kings even though in practice this could not be enforced .
" The General 's Daughter " is a 1999 American mystery crime film directed by Simon West and starring John Travolta .
İnönü University and Malatya İnönü Stadium in Malatya are named after him , as is the BJK İnönü Stadium in Istanbul , home of the Beşiktaş football club .
Hirschberg and Talbi note that Ibn Khaldun seems to have been referring to a time before the advent of the late Roman Empire and Byzantine empires , and a little later in the same paragraph seems to say that by Ancient Rome times " the tribes " had become Christianized .
Carlos Prío Socarrás ( July 14 , 1903 - April 5 , 1977 ) was the President of Cuba from 1948 until he was deposed by a military coup led by Fulgencio Batista on March 10 , 1952 , three months before new elections were to be held .
In 1976 , Nixon was disbarred by the New York State Bar Association for obstruction of justice in the Watergate affair .
Batu Khan , another grandson of Genghis Khan , overran the territories of the Volga Bulgaria , the Alans , the Kypchaks , Bashkirs , Mordvin s , Chuvash , and other nations of the southern Russian steppe .
He has been awarded the degree Doctor of Divinity " honoris causa " by Kenyon College , Bexley Hall and , in 2000 , the University of Hong Kong .
After Harold Holt drowned in 1967 , Packer wanted William McMahon to succeed him as Liberal Party leader .
On the 8th of September the Blueshirts , under pressure after de Valera 's ban on the organisation , approved the merger and so Cumann na nGaedheal , the Centre Party and the Blueshirt movement merged to form Fine Gael .McGarry ( 2005 ) , p .
Senators Clive Hannaford ( Liberal ) , Ted Mattner ( Liberal ) , George McLeay ( Liberal ) , Theo Nicholls ( Labor ) and Sid O 'Flaherty ( Labor ) were not up for re-election .
On 2 May 2006 the President of the Chamber of Deputies Fausto Bertinotti , in agreement with President of the Senate Franco Marini , convened the two houses of the Italian Parliament , integrated with a number of representatives appointed by the twenty Italian regions , in a common session on 8 May in order to commence voting for the election of the new President of the Italian Republic .
Her appointment took effect on 8 December 2005 after the departure of the Deputy Secretary-General , Louise Fréchette , and Mark Malloch Brown " s assumption of his new duties as Deputy Secretary-General .
Sigcau stood for election as a candidate on the African National Congress party list and was successful .
There was tension between Adolphe Menjou and Hepburn during the filming , as he was a member of the politically conservative group Motion Picture Alliance for the Preservation of American Ideals and she had allied herself with the rival Committee for the First Amendment .McBride 1992 , p .
George Osborne , as well as his two Labour predecessors Alistair Darling and Gordon Brown , have opted for water .
The Thule Society developed out of the " Germanic Order " in 1918 , and those who wanted to join the " Order " in 1917 had to sign a special " blood declaration of faith " concerning their lineage : " The signer hereby swears to the best of his knowledge and belief that no Jewish or coloured blood flows in either his or in his wife 's veins , and that among their ancestors are no members of the coloured races .
Initially , the Commission consisted of Edward E. Elson , Thomas D. Gill , Edward D. Greenwood , Reverend Morton A. Hill , S.J. , G. William Jones , Joseph T. Klapper , Otto N. Larsen , Rabbi Irving Lehrman , Freeman Lewis , Reverend Winfrey C. Link , Morris A. Lipton , William B. Lockhart ( chair ) , Thomas C. Lynch , Barbara Scott , Cathryn A. Speits , Frederick H. Wagman , Kenneth Keating and Marvin Wolfgang .
In 2014 , he had a segment in the show " L 'Émission pour tous " presented by Laurent Ruquier on France 2 .
He was elected as a Federalist Party to the 13th United States Congress , holding office from March 4 , 1813 , to March 3 , 1815 .
Alvin Greene ' s Democratic primary election win and his margin of victory surprised pundits .
For much of the 1990s Li was ranked second in the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) hierarchy behind then Party General Secretary Jiang Zemin .
The Democratic caucus nominated Smith Mead Weed ( 1834-1920 ) , a lawyer and businessman of Plattsburgh , New York .
Its name was changed as Sakarya Bilgi Kültür Merkezi ( A Center for Knowledge and Culture ) in 2006 .
Left and Democrats ( , LiD ) was a centre-left electoral alliance of political parties in Poland which was created on 3 September 2006 , before the Warsaw municipal election of 2006 .
Rosenblatt said that Secretary of Energy James R. Schlesinger was lying about there being an energy crisis .
Hughes went on to defeat the 20-year Labor incumbent , Les Haylen .
14 U.S. support for the FNLA was taken up by the John F. Kennedy administration in 1960 .
Thomas Jefferson was born on April 13 , 1743 ( April 2 , 1743 , Old Style , Julian calendar ) , at the family home in Shadwell in the Colony of Virginia , the third of ten children .
The incumbent Prime Minister of Portugal is António Costa , who took office on 26 November 2015 as the 13th Prime Minister of the Third Portuguese Republic .
After 1976 Italian general election , the left-wing parties together detained now a narrow majority in both houses of the Parliament and claimed the next President must have been a leftist one .
In 1954 the college was shifted from Government Junior College Buildings , Hanamkonda to its present location .
The story appeared in 1,350 newspapers throughout the world and was read into the official record of the United States Senate by Senator John J. Blaine .
The Janata Dal ( United ) was formed with the merger of the Sharad Yadav faction of the Janata Dal , the Lok Shakti and the Samata Party .
The largest theatre in the city is the 2,300-capacity Mayflower Theatre ( formerly known as the Gaumont ) , which , as the largest theatre in Southern England outside London , has hosted West End shows such as " Les Misérables " , " The Rocky Horror Show " and " Chitty Chitty Bang Bang " , as well as regular visits from Welsh National Opera and English National Ballet .
The Nationalist Party was formed after the previous major-power client political parties , the Russian Party , English Party and the French Party , ceased to be factors after the reign of King Otto in 1865 .
Between 1 September 2008 and 1 January 2009 she replaced Member of Parliament Mariko Peters as member of the House of Representatives ..
Norris had been elected to serve as MP for Oxford East at the 1983 United Kingdom general election but had lost the seat in 1987 United Kingdom general election .
He also organized the transfer of numerous personalities and agents between France and London : General Jean de Lattre de Tassigny , Vincent Auriol , Emmanuel d 'Astier de la Vigerie , Jacques Chaban-Delmas , Maurice Bourgès-Maunoury , François de Menthon , Henri Frenay , Daniel Mayer , Christian Pineau , Lucie Aubrac and Raymond Aubrac .
Historians claim that very large numbers of Jews - as many as 80,000 - arrived after the destruction of the First Temple , to join others already long-established in places such as the oasis of Khaybar as well as the trading colonies in Medina and Mecca ( where they had their own cemetery ) .
In 2000 he became chairman of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany in Thuringia .
In later chapters , Suzuki adopts a memoir style , writing about themes such as his relationship with Australia , his experiences in Brazil and Papua New Guinea , the founding of the David Suzuki Foundation , and his thoughts on climate change , celebrity status , technology , and death .
Habra ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in North 24 Parganas district in the India n state of West Bengal .
Hamzah had criticised Rayer for trying to ask Deputy International Trade and Industry Minister Dr Ong Kian Ming whether the 1Malaysia Development Bhd ( 1MDB ) issue had triggered outflow of foreign investments from Malaysia .
Temple-Morris was selected as the Conservative candidate for Newport ( Monmouthshire ) in 1964 United Kingdom general election and 1966 United Kingdom general election and Norwood in 1970 United Kingdom general election .
The fame was in no small part helped by a review in " The New York Times Magazine " written by David L. Aaron , Jimmy Carter ' s Deputy Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs , who called it " about as close as one might get to the cut-and-thrust of international politics without going through confirmation by the Senate .
Democrat John C. West defeated the Republican nominee , Albert Watson , an outgoing member of the United States House of Representatives .
August Busch IV , Anheuser-Busch 's CEO was introduced in 1996 to Yusef Jackson , Jesse 's son , by Jackson family friend Ron Burkle .
But while a belief that humanity can control its own future , control nature , and " progress " has been long-lasting , Machiavelli 's followers , starting with his own friend Francesco Guicciardini , have tended to prefer peaceful progress through economic development , and not warlike progress .
Yashpal had been a follower of Mahatma Gandhi Congress organisation from the age of 17 , while still in high school .
After Chris Redfern left to become chairman of the Ohio Democratic Party , Beatty was named Minority Leader .
On 27 January 1945 the Second Gerbrandy cabinet fell after Minister of the Interior Jaap Burger ( SDAP ) was asked to resign by Prime Minister Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy ( ARP ) after holding a radio speech , differentiating between " wrongful " Dutch civilians ( " foute Nederlanders " ) and Dutch civilians who made a mistake ( " Nederlanders die een fout hebben gemaakt " ) .
She is currently a Senior Fellow at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars
Prystor took part in the works on the 1935 Polish legislative election , after which he became a senator .
Under pressure from Quebec , the government of Sir John A. Macdonald took no more vigorous action .
Yun Jun-sik ( 윤준식 , born August 9 , 1991 ) is a South Korea n freestyle wrestler .
Smith was appointed Minister for Foreign Affairs in Kevin Rudd ' s cabinet on 3 December following Labor 's win in the 2007 Australian federal election , to Smith 's portfolio .
Henry Fawcett , MP for Brighton 1865-74 and Hackney 1874-84 , who was blind since a field shooting accident when he was 25 .
She is a former Portuguese Minister of Internal Administration , in António Costa ' s cabinet .
Opinion polling for the 2014 New Zealand general election has been commissioned throughout the duration of the 50th New Zealand Parliament by various organisations .
Wang decided to switch to a silver standard and set the initial value of the new silver yuan equal to the Japanese gold yen , which was accepted throughout Korea and Manchuria .
In 1805 under the Peace of Pressburg between the Napoleonic France and the Holy Roman Empire several duchies were elevated to kingdoms .
Former Deputy Secretary of State and former executive director of HousingWorks RI Nellie Gorbea defeated investor and candidate for Secretary of State in 2006 Guillaume de Ramel .
On 30 August 2013 , during a Roger Waters concert in Sofia , the protest slogan " Оставка ! " ( " Resignation ! " ) was displayed on the main screen in red letters .
" il manifesto " is an Italian language daily newspaper published in Rome , Italy .
Due to the outbreak of the Syrian Civil War in 2011 , for instance , the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces was formed by groups whose members sought to end the rule of the ruling Ba 'ath Party .
These include the 1999 decision that deputy minister of agriculture Newin Chidchop could retain his cabinet seat after being sentenced to imprisonment for defamation ; the 2001 acquittal of Thaksin Shinawatra for filing an incomplete statement regarding his assets with the National Anti-Corruption Commission ; the 2003 invalidation of Jaruvan Maintaka appointment as auditor-general ; the 2007 dissolution of the Thai Rak Thai political party ; the 2014 removal of prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office , the dissolution of the Thai Raksa Chart Party before the March 2019 election ,
" The 1670 collection mentions the concepts " Filastin " , " biladuna " ( our country ) , " al-Sham " ( Syria ) , " Misr " ( Egypt ) , and " diyar " ( country ) , in senses that appear to go beyond objective geography .
He was king of Osroene together with Yalur from 118 to 122 , and afterwards sole ruler to 123 .
" Reportedly Francisco Franco advised Pétain against leaving his diplomatic post in Madrid , to return to a collapsing France as a " sacrifice .
Kerry was arrested on May 30 , 1971 , during a VVAW march to honor American POWs held captive by North Vietnam .
He served as MP in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and as member of the Irish Parliamentary Party represented Mid Tipperary from 1890 to 1892 .
Her opponents in the general election included Republican Donald Trump , Libertarian Gary Johnson and Jill Stein of the Green Party of the United States .
Dr. Santiago is an alumnus of the University of the Philippines College of Medicine in Manila .
In the meantime Frank-Walter Steinmeier serves as provisional chairman .
In the 1999 Belgian federal election , he obtained 12,000 votes and started his federal career .
Puerto Rico was ceded to the United States by Spain at the end of the Spanish-American War by the Treaty of Paris of 1898 .
From 2009 to 2012 , she served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the Federal District ; at the time , she was part of the Party of the Democratic Revolution .
ACCT , ACP , African Development Bank , ECA , FAO , Group of 77 , IAEA , International Bank for Reconstruction and Development , ICAO , International Chamber of Commerce , ICFTU , International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement , International Development Association , IFAD , International Finance Corporation , International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement , ILO , International Monetary Fund , IMO , Indian Ocean Commission , Intelsat , Interpol , International Olympic Committee , IOM ( observer ) , International Organization for Standardization ( correspondent ) , ITU , Non-Aligned Movement , Organisation of African Unity , OPCW , United Nations , UNCTAD , UNESCO , UNHCR , UNIDO , UPU , WCL , World Customs Organization , WFTU , WHO , WIPO , WMO , WToO , World Trade Organization
In 1982 , Kiep was the leading candidate for the CDU in two successive state elections in Hamburg , losing both to incumbent Klaus von Dohnányi .
They were members of the National Lawyers Guild and its DC chapter .
Guerrero was a liberal by conviction , and active in the York Rite Masons , established in Mexico after independence by Joel Roberts Poinsett , the U.S. diplomatic representative to the newly independent Mexico .
In May 2007 at the 4th National Congress of the Democrats of the Left ( DS ) he supported the motion put to the congress by Fabio Mussi that opposed the formation of a larger center-left party , the Democratic Party and after its defeat and the formation of the PD subsequently left the Democrats of the Left and joined " Sinistra Democratica " ( Democratic Left ) .
During 2003 , Mohammad was held at a secret CIA prison , or black site , in Poland , where the CIA waterboarded him 183 times .
In 1961 , Tanganyika became independent under the leadership of Julius Nyerere , and in 1964 the country joined with Zanzibar to form the United Republic of Tanzania .
Other candidates included Republican Party of Minnesota Hennepin County Commissioner Jeff Johnson , Dayton was re-elected to a second term .
A heavenly mandate that could be revoked and transferred by God , to explain the change of dynasty in Java during Demak Sultanate , Mataram Sultanate era , well to the succession of the president of Indonesia .
Britain had unilaterally recognized the independence of Egypt in 1922 , but continued to occupy the country militarily , and to dominate it .
In East Prussia , the stronghold of the " Junkers " , support for withdrawal reached 97.3 % , while in Hamburg , formerly a Communist Party of Germany stronghold , only 83.9 % voted in favour .
The NDPQ renamed itself the " Parti de la Democratie Socialiste " ( Party of Socialist Democracy ) following a 1991 split with the federal NDP over the question of Quebec independence .Toronto Star , , Andy Blatchford , 17 August 2012
Sir John A. Macdonald , who had recently been forced out of office as prime minister , and his Conservative Party of Canada were defeated by the Liberal Party of Canada under their new leader Prime Minister Alexander Mackenzie .
Maathai was one of the founders of the Nobel Women 's Initiative along with sister Nobel Peace laureates Jody Williams , Shirin Ebadi , Rigoberta Menchú Tum , Betty Williams and Mairead Corrigan Maguire .
The leaky condo crisis , also known as the leaky condo syndrome and rotten condo crisis , is an ongoing construction , financial , and legal crisis in Canada .
Count was a Japanese statesman and Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan , active in the Meiji and Taishō period Empire of Japan .
The Constantine ruble is a rare silver coin of the Russian Empire bearing the profile of Constantine , the brother of emperors Alexander I and Nicholas I .
He attended the Evangelisches Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster in Berlin and went on to study medicine , social sciences and economics at the Humboldt University of Berlin .
The election night was covered live on the BBC and presented by David Dimbleby , Peter Snow and Sir Robin Day .
He was , however , disgraced and exiled in the following year , owing to the defeat of his lieutenant Mehmed Pasha , at Gori ( during an attempt to provision the Ottoman garrison of Tbilisi ) .
In 147 , he was elected consul before the legal age in order to lead the final war against Ancient Carthage , which he defeated and razed in 146 .
Young held visiting fellowships at several universities and institutes around the world , including the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey , the Institute for Human Sciences in Vienna , the Australian National University , the University of Canterbury in New Zealand , and the Human Sciences Research Council of South Africa .
In 2008 , Bob Spink , the MP for Castle Point , resigned the Tory whip ( becoming an Independent ) , but in April that year joined UKIP. ultimately losing the seat to a Conservative in 2010 United Kingdom general election .
While attending the ceremony , the prime minister Vlad Filat said that the Ministry of the Interior has already started a domestic investigation into the police 's actions on 7 April 2009 , and especially during subsequent days and weeks .
The Aberdeen South by-election , 1917 was a parliamentary by-election for the House of Commons constituency of Aberdeen South comprising the local government wards in the southern part of the city of Aberdeen .
Many other countries , like those in Africa , will continue to slide further into poverty as corrupt dictators , like Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe , destroy the economies of their countries and steal what little wealth remains .
The 1945 defection of Soviet cipher clerk , Igor Gouzenko served as the catalyst of major structural reform to the security and intelligence system and lead to the formation of one of several royal commissions to investigate the activities of foreign intelligence networks in Canada .
The Virunga Mountains are home of the critically endangered mountain gorilla , listed on the IUCN Red List of Endangered Species due to habitat loss , poaching , disease , and war ( Butynski et al .
After a spell as Provost of his " alma mater " , Queen 's College ( 1946-8 ) , he was summoned by Bevin in 1947 to head the British delegation at the European discussions about George Marshall ' s proposals of aid .
Their son , Francis Folger Franklin , was born in October 1732 and died of smallpox in 1736 .
Invalided out in 1947 with the honorary rank of major , he served the Foreign Office in New York City and Vienna until 1957 .
He started his official career in the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period and served in various positions , including Administrator ( 太守 ) of Pingyang Commandery ( 平陽郡 ) and Agriculture General of the Household of Luoyang ( 洛陽典農中郎將 ) .
Before the unification of two communist parties ( Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist Centre ) and Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist-Leninist ) , Sapkota was serving as a Standing Committee member , the highest decision-making committee of Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist Centre ) led by Pushpa Kamal Dahal ' Prachanda ' .
United Nations Security Council resolution 1291 , adopted unanimously on 24 February 2000 , after recalling resolutions 1234 ( 1999 ) , 1258 ( 1999 ) , 1273 ( 1999 ) and 1279 ( 1999 ) on situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Council expanded the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( MONUC ) to include additional tasks and extended its mandate until 31 August 2000 .
Prior to the 1970 United Kingdom general election , the Conservative Party compiled a manifesto that highlighted free-market economic policies .
Hutchinson resigned from the UUP in October 1969 , stating that he disagreed with their policy of compromise.Richard Deutsch , " Northern Ireland 1969-73 a chronology of events " , p.131 Around this time , he was expelled from the Orange Order and from the Royal Black Preceptory for protesting against what he saw as support for appeasement among some of their leadership .
The Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association ( AOPA ) is a Frederick , Maryland -based United States non-profit political organization that advocates for general aviation .
The Early Day Motion attracted cross-party political support from MPs including David Blunkett , David Lammy , Gerald Kaufman , Frank Field , John Redwood , John Hemming and Caroline Lucas .
In the meantime , the economy had almost collapsed and emigration to the United States and Canada grew significantly .
Senator Lincoln Chafee from Rhode Island considered challenging Bush on an anti-war platform in New Hampshire , but decided not to run after the capture of Saddam Hussein in December 2003.Lincoln Chafee , " Against the Tide " ( 2007 ) , pp. 119-20
Stalin , Beria and Malenkov grew suspicious of Zhukov , worrying he possessed capitalistic tendencies , because Zhukov established a friendship with General Dwight D. Eisenhower , invited the future American president to Leningrad and Moscow , and endorsed collaboration between the United States and the Soviet Union .
Khan was one of the Founding Fathers of Pakistan who helped to negotiate and establish the federation of a nation-state resulted in a successful constitutional movement led under Muhammad Ali Jinnah on 14 August 1947 .
Some of the highest-profile National Party parliamentarians , namely deputy leader Bridget McKenzie and Resources Minister Matt Canavan , sit in the Senate ; no senator has served as deputy prime minister in the history of the position .
A set of original drawings of Welsh scenes that Thomas Rowlandson made during his 1797 tour of Wales with Henry Wigstead , and a set of original drawings of castles , abbeys and cities by Samuel and Nathaniel Buck were donated by Sir John Williams .
At 9 : 30 a.m. on January 24 , Martin informed Governor General Michaëlle Jean that he would not form a government and intended to resign as Prime Minister .
There were reports of factions in the NADK , such as one loyal to Khieu Samphan , prime minister of the defunct regime of Democratic Kampuchea , and his deputy Ieng Sary , and another identified with Pol Pot and Ta Mok ( the Southwestern Zone commander who conducted extensive purges of party ranks in Cambodia in 1977 to 1978 ) .
Chief Justice Melville Fuller administered the presidential oath of office .
As a third-party candidate in the 1968 United States presidential election , Mitchell was the first African-American woman to run for President of the United States .
Lisa M. Thompson ( born ) is a Canada politician , who has served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since 2011 .
When John Morley as Secretary of State for India wrote to Minto arguing that " Reforms may not save the " Raj " , but if they don 't , nothing else will , " Minto replied :
Subsequently , Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru initiated proceedings to find a diplomatic solution to the Goa problem .
Rick Bauman was selected to replace Weaver on the ballot , and lost handily to Packwood .
He then completed Special Training Course for Executive Managers of Insurance Companies in Switzerland in 1998 .
The United Social Democratic Party ( ) ( PUSD ) is a centre-left social democratic political party in Guinea-Bissau .
As the Constitution of Argentina does not allow more than two consecutive terms , several politicians from the Front for Victory ( FPV ) speculated about a constitutional amendment to allow unlimited re-elections .
" From Time Immemorial " was praised by figures as varied as Barbara Tuchman , Theodore H. White , Elie Wiesel , and Lucy Dawidowicz .
In 1997 Yakymenko graduated the Gagarin Air Force Academy .
Oliver Samuel , Edward Smith , Thomas Kelly ( incumbent ) and Charles Brown contested the electorate in the
After winning in 1967 , DMK supported the Congress party under Indira Gandhi , and the 25 DMK MPs , ensured her to stay in power as a minority government , from 1969-1971 .
In his 1956 address to the British Science Association , Sir Raymond Priestley , one of his contemporaries , said " Scott for scientific method , Amundsen for speed and efficiency but when disaster strikes and all hope is gone , get down on your knees and pray for Shackleton , " paraphrasing what Apsley Cherry-Garrard had written in a preface to " The Worst Journey in the World " .
He won the contest defeating Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario candidate Gordon Howlett Dean by 543 votes .
All contemporary 48 states were part of the 1920 United States presidential election .
He was nominated as an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court by President John Quincy Adams on April 11 , 1826 , following the death of Justice Thomas Todd two months earlier .
Rose 's former intern Mike McIntyre succeeded Rose in 1997 , and held the seat until the 2014 election .
He also worked with the Acton Institute , which declared him after his death " a great friend and supporter .
In early 2007 , he led the effort to establish a satellite campus in the Middle East and drove the negotiations between RIT and the United Arab Emirates government 's Dubai Silicon Oasis in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Westerwelle stepped down as party leader following the 2011 state elections , in which the party was wiped out in 2011 Saxony-Anhalt state election and 2011 Rhineland-Palatinate state election and lost half its seats in 2011 Baden-Württemberg state election .
Dr. Chavis is featured as the protagonist in the critically acclaimed autobiographical work by Tim Tyson , Blood Done Sign My Name and the critically acclaimed film where the part of the young Benjamin Chavis is played by Nate Parker .
The NIS then employed psychological warfare experts and conducted an aggressive Internet campaign to discredit Liberal opponent Moon Jae-in and convince voters still undecided .
NJA protested Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin when he spoke in Los Angeles in 1982 .
Constructed in 1934 , until 2011 it housed , first , the Supreme Soviet , i. e. the supreme legislative body of the Soviet Union until its dissolution in 1991 , and , second , the offices of the Presidential Administration of Russia .
Ferrer is the brother of former Representative and President of the PPD Héctor Ferrer .
Tallinn University of Technology , Tallinn .
In the animated adaptation his voice is done by Osamu Saka .
The Treaty of Lausanne in 1923 included the list of 150 " personae non gratae " of Turkey , which forbade the entry of mainly a group of former Ottoman Empire officials and about 100 other persons to Turkey , until the lifting of this status in 1938 .
Labour 's move further to the right under Jens Stoltenberg also helped the party 's rise .
| Martin Luther King Martin Luther King Jr Jr. and Theodor Herzl .
Kansas was won by incumbent President Dwight D. Eisenhower ( R - Pennsylvania ) , running with Vice President Richard Nixon , with 65.44 % of the popular vote , against Adlai Stevenson II ( D - Illinois ) , running with Senator Estes Kefauver , with 34.21 % of the popular vote .
The RT rejected this because of the revolution 's " petty bourgeois " leadership , and the absence of a vanguard party prior to the overthrow of the authoritarian government of Fulgencio Batista on 1 January 1959 .
The German-Yugoslav Partisan negotiations were held between Nazi Germany commanders in the Independent State of Croatia and the Supreme Headquarters of the Yugoslav Partisans in March 1943 during World War II .
Baker attended the United States Military Academy at West Point , New York from 1817 to 1819 .
He graduated with a bachelor 's degree in literature from the University of Belgrade , and obtained his PhD at the University of Novi Sad .
New Democratic Party MP Yvon Godin referred them to Bernard Shapiro , Parliamentary Ethics Commissioner and to the RCMP .
Dr. Leopoldo Figueroa , a member of the " Partido Estadista Puertorriqueño " ( Puerto Rican Statehood Party ) and the only non-PPD member of the Puerto Rico House of Representatives , said the law was repressive and in direct violation of the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution , which guarantees Freedom of Speech .
He was first elected to the House of Commons of Canada in the 1979 Canadian federal election , representing the riding of Vancouver Kingsway between 1979 and 1988 and the riding of Port Moody - Coquitlam between 1988 and 1993.ref name = bcleg / He was a candidate to succeed Ed Broadbent as leader of the New Democratic Party in 1989 .
The by-election was called following the death of George Cooper who had gained the seat as part of the Liberal Party victory in the 1906 United Kingdom general election .
In 1931 , while a student at the Provincial No. 4 Normal School in Xingtai , he joined the Communist Youth League of China , and later became its leader .
The Marxist-Leninist Communist Party of Greece ( , " Marxistiko-Leninistiko Kommounistiko Komma Elladas " ) , better known by its acronym M-L KKE ( Μ-Λ ΚΚΕ ) , is an anti-revisionist Marxist-Leninist and Maoist , communist far left political party in Greece .
It was formed out of territories the Habsburgs conquered from the Ottoman Empire and included southern parts of Slavonia and Syrmia ; today the area it covered is mostly in eastern Croatia , with its easternmost parts in northern Serbia ( mostly in Vojvodina region ) .
The Conservative Party ( ) is a conservative political party in Nicaragua .
Intel had resumed its Irish expansion , Google created an office in Dublin , Google Ireland Ltd .
Wael Ghonim , a key leader of the revolution , was among the public figures who declared their support for Mohamed Morsi , who held a news conference .
She served as a Labour member of the National Assembly for Wales representing the constituency of Preseli Pembrokeshire from May 2003 National Assembly for Wales election until her defeat in the 2007 National Assembly for Wales election election by Conservative Party candidate Paul Davies .
In 1902 he began his studies at the Lutheran Lyceum in present-day Bratislava .
Following graduation from UC Berkeley , Freeman joined the Southern Christian Leadership Conference ' s ( SCLC ) summer project , SCOPE ( Southern Community Organization and Political Education ) .
Palmer Street is a street in the City of Westminster in London that runs between Petty France in the north and Victoria Street in the south .
On 28 September 1956 he flew to Paris with Moshe Dayan , Shimon Peres and Golda Meir where they had meetings with French Foreign Minister Christian Pineau .
Up to the present time they have played 43 matches against a wide range of FIFA national teams such as Russia , Uruguay , Nigeria and Denmark , plus others against non-FIFA teams of various types .
C. P. Scott , the editor and then part-owner of the " Manchester Guardian " stood unsuccessfully in 1886 , 1891 and 1892 .
Soviet Dialectical Materialism also made appeals to an holistic and organicist approach stemming from Hegel via Karl Marx ' s co-worker Friedrich Engels , again giving a controversial political association to organicism .
The first and last time this trophy would be won by the Egypt ian club .
The United States Senate elections of 1796 and 1797 were elections for the United States Senate which , coinciding with John Adams ' s 1796 United States presidential election , had the ruling Federalist Party gain one seat .
Following this incident , the nationalist leader Sher Mohammad Marri visited Baghdad .
Also , the coalition said it wants strategic relations with both Russia and the United States .
Shadow Inc 's parent company Acronym has received large donations from hedge fund managers Seth Klarman and Donald Sussman , venture capitalist Michael Moritz , as well as film directors and producers Jeffrey Katzenberg and Steven Spielberg .
Between 1822 and 1836 Frédéric Soret served as princely tutor in the Grand Dukedome of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach .
After recovering from his injuries , Johnson worked on Capitol Hill for U.S. Senator Max Cleland of Georgia .
Under Order no.158 , on 2 October 1948 , the Soviet Military Administration appointed not Melsheimer but Max Fechner to head up the DJV.Hermann Wentker : " Justiz in der SBZ / DDR 1945-1953 .
Mohamed Amin and his group were brought to trial for charges of " waging war against the King , " and became the first people convicted of such offence in Malaysia .
He was also influenced by the writings of Edward Gibbon , Hume , Robertson , Bolingbroke , Montesquieu , and Voltaire .
His maternal half-brother was Haʻalilio , secretary of Kamehameha III and envoy of the Hawaiian Kingdom who led a diplomatic mission to Europe and the United States for international recognition of Hawaii 's sovereignty .
On October 12 , 2011 Critz voted against free trade agreements with Panama , Colombia , and South Korea .
Campbell ran for the Alberta Legislature for the first time in the 1913 Alberta general election .
Parley P. Christensen of the Farmer-Labor Party took 265,411 votes ( 1.0 % ) , while Prohibition Party candidate Aaron S. Watkins came in fifth with 189,339 votes ( 0.7 % ) , the poorest showing for the Prohibition party since 1884 .
He graduated from the College of Rural Development in Bukavu in 1993 and obtained a master 's degree in Community Health at the Free University of the Great Lake Region , Campus of Butembo in 2005 .
Symington was an especially vocal opponent of Senator Joseph McCarthy , to the vexation of the latter , who nicknamed him " Sanctimonious Stu .
Hyderabad : Prajasakti Book House , 2003. p .
In addition to Alfredo de Sá Cardoso and Álvaro de Castro , the Junta included Norton de Matos , José de Freitas Ribeiro , António Maria da Silva and they were dependent on Leote do Rego , as commandant of the Navy , to provide the principal insurrection .
The centre-left alliance between the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party obtained some seats in Milan , a city led by Democratic Socialist mayor Antonio Greppi .
Anglican Archbishop Lewis Garnsworthy , a vocal opponent of the plan , responded by charging that Davis had changed Ontario 's education system " by decree , " in the same way that Adolf Hitler had changed the education system in Nazi Germany .
Mills and China 's former President Hu Jintao , marked the 50th anniversary of diplomatic ties between the two nations , at the Great Hall of the People on 20 September 2010 .
342 million people were eligible to vote , the second-largest democratic electorate in the world after India .
His Chancellor of the Exchequer , Benjamin Disraeli , was instrumental in passing the Second Reform Act in 1867 .
Linn Boyd received a majority of the votes cast and was re-elected speaker .
While serving as the governor of Nanjing in 1894 , Zhang invited a German training regiment of 12 officers and 24 warrant officers to train the local garrison into a modern military force .
They teamed up with some more senior liberals to strike a blow against the seniority system and overthrew three committee chairmen whom they viewed as too conservative and / or too old to represent the Democratic Party in these prominent positions : William Poage , Wright Patman and F. Edward Hébert .
After Maithripala Sirisena was elected President , Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe presented the new reforms to reinstate a new Constitutional Council in 2015 under the Nineteenth Amendment .
The " FT " found mistakes and unexplained entries in his spreadsheets , similar to those which last year undermined the work on public debt and growth of Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff .
At the national party convention , Dirksen gave a speech attacking New York Governor Thomas E. Dewey , a liberal Republican and the leading supporter of General Dwight Eisenhower , the commander of the Allied forces in Europe in World War II and Taft 's opponent for the Republican presidential nomination .
The Akali Dal and Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale joined hands to launch the Dharam Yudh Morcha in 1982 in order to implement the Anandpur Sahib Resolution .
Funding sources include federal grants ( Hardest Hit Fund ) as well as financial support from the operating budget of the City of Detroit and private philanthropic donations .
The Tories , who were a minor force in the 1971 Saskatchewan general election , drew over a quarter of the 1975 electorate .
With her husband , Plaveva founded the in Skopje on 1 May 1909 , in close link with the People 's Federative Party .
Koo passed the Taiwanese bar exam in 1983 , and began teaching law at Chinese Culture University in 1993 , a job he held until 2003 .
Croatian Serbs were wary of Tuđman 's nationalist government , and in 1990 Serb nationalists in the southern Croatian town of Knin organized and formed a separatist entity known as the SAO Krajina , which demanded to remain in union with the rest of the Serb population if Croatia decided to secede .
The Pracheachon dissolved , and many of the remaining leftists fled Phnom Penh for the forests , with the exception of several prominent figures ( Khieu Samphan , Hou Yuon and Hu Nim ) who had joined the Sangkum .
Glasgow Anniesland was a burgh constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1997 United Kingdom general election until 2005 United Kingdom general election , when it was replaced by the larger Glasgow North West , with the exception of Kelvindale which joined Glasgow North .
Although there was hope for Republicans because Barry Goldwater had won the state in the 1964 United States presidential election .
518 - 603 ) was the last king of the Early Lý dynasty , founded by his cousin Lý Nam Đế .
Minister for Regional Development is a position in the government of Western Australia , currently held by Alannah MacTiernan of the Labor Party .
His final series for the BBC ended this practice , with " Maelstrom " , set in Norway .
Founded in 1988 , The Citizens Electoral Council of Australia ( CEC ) is a minor political party in Australia affiliated with the international LaRouche Movement which was led by American political activist Lyndon LaRouche .
Copps was a candidate in the 1990 Liberal Party of Canada leadership election to succeed John Turner .
The earliest recipient of a pontifical sword and hat who is known for certain was Fortiguerra Fortiguerri , a gonfaloniere of the Republic of Lucca , who received it from Pope Urban VI in 1386 .
When the French-backed Second Mexican Empire fell in 1867 , the Mexican Republic with Juárez as president was restored to full power.Stevens , " Benito Juárez , " pp. 333-35.Hamnett , " Benito Juárez , " pp. 718-21 .
In international politics - Ukraine ' s membership in the European Union and NATO .
Connecticut voted for John Quincy Adams over William H. Crawford , Andrew Jackson , and Henry Clay .
Saad was born in 1964 in Beirut , Lebanon , to a Jewish family .
By the late 1980s in London approximately 1,000 men and women could be found sleeping on the streets of central London on any one night , mostly in the central London borough s of City of Westminster , Camden and Lambeth .
Brazil was the most benefited from South American countries , holding the sixth place in the bank 's investments .
In the 1940 United States presidential election , Roosevelt defeated Republican Wendell Willkie , an internationalist who largely refrained from criticizing Roosevelt 's foreign policy .
The letter was signed by a number of famous and respected French , among them Christine Albanel , Yann Arthus-Bertrand , Pierre Bergé , Hélène Carrère d 'Encausse , Jean-Pierre Chevènement , Yves Coppens , Édith Cresson , Xavier Darcos , Pierre Gattaz , Jean-Michel Jarre , Bariza Khiari , Beate Klarsfeld , Serge Klarsfeld , Julia Kristeva , Catherine Lalumière , Laurence Parisot , Stéphane Richard , Eric de Rothschild .
This caused the Giuliano Amato government to collapse three days later .
The borough was administered from Battersea Town Hall on Lavender Hill and the building is now Battersea Arts Centre .
Australia has an ombudsman assigned for each state ; as well as an ombudsman for the Commonwealth of Australia .
A Parihar chief named Vaghadeva , who ruled the Damoh - Jabalpur area , appears to have been a vassal of Hammiravarman .
Through his brother Dietrich , he had contacts with the church resistance , and through his brothers-in-law , Justus Delbrück , Dohnanyi and Rüdiger Schleicher , he had many contacts in the military resistance to Hitler , especially in the circle about Wilhelm Canaris in the Abwehr of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht .
He served as Norwegian foreign minister during the critical years of the Norwegian government in exile in London from 1940 to 1945 .
) , who changed his legal name to his screen name " Bong Revilla " prior to the campaign period , and Jinggoy Estrada , together with Miriam Defensor Santiago consistently topped the poll surveys from Social Weather Stations and Pulse Asia .
In July 2013 , General Mohamed Fareed was appointed head of the Egyptian intelligence apparatus , replacing Mohamed Raafat Shehata , who was appointed by Mohamed Morsi in August 2012 .
The Greens Greens was founded by Maurizio Lupi , a former member of Christian Democracy and of the Federation of the Greens .
During his tenure , Pederson spent millions of dollars of his own money to help Democrats modernize and to elect Janet Napolitano as Governor of Arizona .
Moore sought the Republican nomination for the governorship of Alabama in 2006 Alabama gubernatorial election and 2010 Alabama gubernatorial election , but lost in the primaries .
Kalugalla held his seat through elections in 1965 and 1970 , being appointed Minister of Shipping & amp ; Tourism , with Aviation being added to his portfolio following the Lanka Sama Samaja Party ' s departure from the Cabinet in 1975 .
Incumbent president Benigno Aquino III was ineligible for re-election , pursuant to the 1987 Philippine Constitution .
Thabo Mbeki became the sole deputy president of South Africa in June as a result of F. W. de Klerk ' s resignation from joint office .
The Patriotic Guards ( ) were Romania n paramilitary formations formed during the Socialist Republic of Romania , designed to provide additional defence in case of a foreign attack .
Marguerite de Valois , " la demoiselle de Belleville " , also known as Marguerite , bâtarde de France ( 1407 - January 1458 ) , was the illegitimate daughter of King Charles the Mad and his beloved mistress Odette de Champdivers .
Pál Csáky was the chairman of the Minister 's Club .
The Qasim Khanate was a vassal state of Muscovy .
Born in Wynyard , Saskatchewan , he was first elected for Yorkton-Melville in 1968 Canadian federal election .
He served as a Conservative Member of Parliament ( 1950-1974 ) , then Ulster Unionist Party ( UUP ) MP ( 1974-1987 ) , and was Minister of Health ( 1960-1963 ) .
Choiseul-Stainville took part in the attempt of King Louis XVI to escape from Paris on 20 June 1791 , was arrested with the king , and imprisoned ( " see Flight to Varennes " ) .
During 1941-1945 the territory of Latvia was under control by the Nazi Germany , and after the defeat of Nazi Germany in World War II the Soviet occupation regime returned to the territory of Latvia .
The law of England and Wales and the law of Scotland has a concept of " flag desecration .
Kyliuk was awarded a " laurel " by the " Toronto Star " newspaper for his actions ( 23 July ) , and Ken Dryden mentioned the initiative in his book , " The Game " ( 6 January 1990 ) .
The 2016 CAF Confederation Cup Final was the final of the 2016 CAF Confederation Cup , the 13th edition of the CAF Confederation Cup , Africa ' s secondary club football competition organized by the Confederation of African Football ( CAF ) .
The Sanskrit Junagadh inscription dated 150 CE credits Rudradaman I with supporting the cultural arts and Sanskrit literature and repairing the dam built by the Mauryan s .
Sagamu controlled the trade routes between the ports in the Niger Delta and the Yoruba mainland until the British Empire occupied the city at the end of the 19th century .
From 2004 to 2006 Krastev was executive director of the International Commission on the Balkans chaired by the former Italian Prime Minister Giuliano Amato .
The name Waitakere was reclaimed and applied to a new seat in 1993 New Zealand general election , which was expanded ahead of the introduction of Mixed Member Proportional ( MMP ) voting in 1996 New Zealand general election at the expense of the former seats of Henderson and Titirangi .
It has been recorded in Kakadu National Park along the highway in Northern Territory , Australia .Kakadu
According to diaries released by Paddy Ashdown , during Smith 's leadership of the Labour Party , there were discussions with Ashdown about forming a coalition government if the next general election resulted in a hung parliament .
George Weah , former soccer star and Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , former World Bank employee and finance minister finished first and second , respectively and advanced to the second round run-off , which Johnson-Sirleaf won 59 % -41 % , according to the National Electoral Commission .
Subhash Nagre ( Amitabh Bachchan ) , who is known by his followers as Sarkar , lives in Mumbai .
In 1999 , Coelho was made Chairman of Vice President Al Gore ' s presidential campaign .
The City of London continued to be administered by the City of London Corporation , and the Inner and Middle Temples continued to govern their own areas.ref group = " notes " Local government legislation makes special provision for the City of London Corporation , Inner Temple and Middle Temple to perform the functions of London borough councils in their areas
The 11th G7 Summit was held in Bonn , West Germany between May 2 and May 4 , 1985 .
Edith Mary Bataringaya was born Edith Mary Kaijuka in the town of Kabale in the Western Region of the Uganda Protectorate , and was the daughter of Reverend Kaijuka of Bugongi Hill .
This French procedure proved to be extremely long and inefficient with respect to the expectations of the Romania ns towards democracy .
During the next two years discussions between the state governments of South Australia and Tasmania and the federal government resulted in all South Australian Railways services ( except the Adelaide metropolitan passenger network ) and all Tasmanian Government Railways services transferring to Australian National Railway in March 1978 , the latter being rebranded AN Tasrail .
After Goldwater was defeated by Lyndon Johnson in 1964 , Buckley and " National Review " continued to champion the idea of a conservative movement , which was increasingly embodied in Ronald Reagan .
Four referendums were held in Switzerland on 18 May 2014 .
His fall from power marked the beginning of the end of a centralized power structure of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia over the country and the social and political separatist and autonomist movements that would culminate in the Croatian Spring and the newly de-centralized Yugoslavia that emerged from the 1971 constitutional reforms and later the 1974 Constitution .
The Arakan Campaign of 1942-43 was the first tentative Allies of World War II attack into British rule in Burma , following the Japanese conquest of Burma earlier in 1942 , during the Second World War .
On March 13 , the INE approved the coalition " Juntos Haremos Historia en Puebla " ( Together We 'll Make History in Puebla ) , consisting of the National Regeneration Movement ( Morena ) , Labor Party ( PT ) and Ecologist Green Party of Mexico ( PVEM ) .
In a September 10 , 2007 testimony before the United States Congress , John Michael McConnell , Director of National Intelligence , cited the increasing use of Intellipedia among analysts and its ability to help experts pool their knowledge , form virtual teams , and make quick assessments .
Erkin 's standing with the national government was critical to his mission of being able to save people from being dispatched to Nazi concentration camps in Eastern Europe .
When relatives threatened to sue to obtain custody of Gil , Jerry decided to take his brother to Israel instead , settling in Tel Aviv .
Having spent four and a half years in opposition to SYRIZA 's government , New Democracy regained its majority in the Hellenic Parliament and returned to government under Kyriakos Mitsotakis after the 2019 Greek legislative election .
The Waterloo Town Hall is a heritage-listed town hall located in Waterloo , a suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Later she went on to serve as then-Congressman Steve Symms ' District Director in 1977 through his re-election in 1978 ,
He served in the Confederate Army from October 1861 to February 1865 , when Confederate President Jefferson Davis appointed him Confederate States Secretary of War .
20 years after his assassination , Sankara was commemorated on 15 October 2007 in ceremonies that took place in Burkina Faso , Mali , Senegal , Niger , Tanzania , Burundi , France , Canada and the United States .
He graduated from the California University of Pennsylvania in California , Pennsylvania , in 1904 and from Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in 1909 .
Since 2008 he has held membership with Family First Party .
Femi Gbajabiamila corroborated Nnamani 's account but put the figure differently , " The money totaled over N10 billion .
Klein is a published academic , having served as a lecturer at Temple University and as a biostatistician at the UCLA Fielding School of Public Health and the Linus Pauling Institute .
On June 5 , 1968 , Huerta stood beside Robert F. Kennedy on the speaker 's platform at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles as he delivered a victory statement to his political supporters shortly after winning the California Democratic presidential primary election .
He was arrested , and exiled to Tula district , where he met other exiles , including Alexander Bogdanov and Vladimir Bazarov .
Regional governors who commanded substantial modernised armies , such as Li Hongzhang at Canton , Yuan Shikai in Shandong , Zhang Zhidong
NSF activists were among the first major supporters of future Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and his populist / socialist Pakistan Peoples Party to advance the democratic process and to weaken the religious fundamentalists .
China Eastern Airlines has a strong presence on routes in Asia , North America and Australia .
It was meant as a warning and included a critical introduction by Hubert Lyautey ( " Every Frenchman must read this book " ) .
From university he came to know many who later took leading positions in the Irish Free State .
Agencies of foreign governments such as the American Institute in Taiwan operate as " de facto " embassies of their home countries in Taiwan , and Taiwan operates similar " de facto " embassies and consulates in most countries under such names as " Taipei Representative Office " ( TRO ) or " Taipei Economic and Cultural ( Representative ) Office " ( TECO ) .
He demonstrated Italy 's independence and nationalism during the clash with the United States during the Sigonella incident .
A Labour MP was elected for the first time in 1966 United Kingdom general election , but was unseated at the 1970 United Kingdom general election .
He had fallen out with them over Britain 's continued membership of the European Economic Community which he supported but they did not .
Lujan Grisham won the election by a substantial margin , which in fact was a complete reversal of the 2014 New Mexico gubernatorial election results .
His party gained 133 seats , while the Jobbik gained 26 seats .
A no-smoking policy was established in 1998 on flights to Singapore and Australia , which was later extended through its whole network .
Gandhi became the mass leader only after the Champaran Satyagraha that he launched on the repeated request of a local leader , Raj Kumar Shukla , he was supported by great illumanaries like Rajendra Prasad , Anugrah Narayan Sinha and Brajkishore Prasad .
Inhabitants of the District had , for that period , substantial economic , and even political privileges within the Habsburg Monarchy .
NEBULA stands for Nepal i Bhutia Lepcha , the three largest ethnic groups in the state .
Czech Social Democratic Party might have a problem because many of its voters are going for ANO 2011 .
Following the release of his band Wings ' debut album , " Wild Life " , in December 1971 , Paul McCartney spent Christmas and New Year in New York visiting the family of his wife and bandmate Linda McCartney .
His opponent for the nomination was former state legislator Austin Peay .
The change was not finalized until 27 April 1943 , when Lieutenant-General Andrew McNaughton , then commanding the Canadian First Army in the United Kingdom , deemed Operation Husky to be a viable military undertaking and agreed to the detachment of both the 1st Canadian Infantry Division and the 1st Canadian Tank Brigade .
After the Pakatan Harapan ( PH ) coalition ( of which the DAP is part ) emerged victorious in the 2018 Malaysian general election and formed the Federal Government , Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad announced Lim Guan Eng 's appointment as the Minister of Finance .
Republican Bob Smith won the open seat , beating Democratic former Senator John A. Durkin .
He stepped down as leader of the party on November 9 , 2010 ; Victor Boudreau was selected as the party 's interim leader the following day .
In January 2008 , Guergis revealed that opposition leader Stéphane Dion would be traveling to Kandahar , Afghanistan , to visit a reconstruction project .
In 2019 , Nayib Bukele , from the Grand Alliance for National Unity ( GANA ) , won the 2019 Salvadoran presidential election ending 10 years of FMLN rule .
The opposition Liberal Party won five seats in the Philippine Senate while three seats were won by the Nacionalista Party , the administration party ; this was seen as a consequence of the Plaza Miranda bombing on August 21 , 1971 , which wounded all of the Liberal Party 's candidates and almost took the lives of John Henry Osmeña and Jovito Salonga .
Since 1995 he has simultaneously been Administrator for Azerbaijan at World Bank Group , MIGA and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development .
The notion of a Greater Bangladesh first arose during the rule of the Hindu Sena dynasty .
In July 2014 , Stewart launched Hands Across The Border , a project to construct a cairn called ' The Auld Acquaintance ' as " a testament to the United Kingdom .
As Europeans developed a taste for tea in the 17th century , rival companies were formed to import the product from China .Labaree , " Tea Party " , 3-4 .
At a meeting in Dresden , East Germany on 23 March , leaders of the " Warsaw Five " ( USSR , Hungary , Poland , Bulgaria and East Germany ) questioned the Czechoslovak delegation over the planned reforms , suggesting any talk of " democratization " was a veiled criticism of the Soviet model .
Slavery in the United States was the legal institution of human chattel enslavement , primarily of Africans and African Americans , that existed in the United States from the beginning of the nation in 1776 until passage of the Thirteenth Amendment in 1865 .
With his brother Sixtus he was a go-between in the so-called Sixtus Affair , a failed attempt by his brother-in-law , Emperor Charles I of Austria to negotiate a separate peace with the Allies of World War I ( 1916-1917 ) through the Bourbon-Parma brothers .
He tried to join the Nationalist faction during the Spanish Civil War , though he was stopped by Emilio Mola and Francisco Franco twice , respectively .
In November 2014 , following the resignation of Titus Corlățean as a result of problems with voting in the Romanian diaspora during the first round of that year 's 2014 Romanian presidential election , Meleșcanu was appointed foreign minister .
In 2014 Harmony and the Socialist Party participated separately in the 2014 European Parliament election in Latvia of that year .
Although Texas Congressman Ron Paul , former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich , former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum , and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney all appeared on the ballot , Romney had all but secured the Republican nomination by the time of the Pennsylvania primaries .
He then proceeded to acquire two master 's degrees , namely : Masters in Business Administration from the Asian Institute of Management in 1973 and a Master of Public Administration from Harvard ' s John F. Kennedy School of Government in 1994 .
He won reelection in 1992 , but in 1994 , he failed to win the Democratic primary against Myrth York , and she was defeated in the general election .
Back in 1949 Karl Arnold , at the time Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia and President of the Bundesrat , also acted as head of state for a few days : after the Basic Law had come into effect and he himself was elected as President of the Bundesrat , the first President of Germany was not yet elected and the office therefore vacant .
The party 's large majority in the House of Commons was slightly reduced to 167 in the 2001 United Kingdom general election and more substantially reduced to 66 in the 2005 United Kingdom general election .
The dominant position of the Lord Lieutenant at Dublin Castle had been central to the British administration of the Kingdom of Ireland for much of its history .
The matter was then heard by a five-judge bench composed of Chief Justice Y. V. Chandrachud , Rangnath Misra , D. A. Desai , O. Chinnappa Reddy , and E. S. Venkataramiah .
Bhutto and her mother Nusrat Bhutto took control of the PPP and led the country 's Movement for the Restoration of Democracy ; Bhutto was repeatedly imprisoned by Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq ' s military government and then exiled to Britain in 1984 .
The Coalition of Fraser 's Liberal Party of Australia and Doug Anthony ' s National Party of Australia secured government in its own right , winning the largest majority government to date in Australian history .
The convention deadlocked on the second ballot , between Foss and the previous year 's nominee , James H. Vahey .Abrams , pp. 252-255 There were fistfights on the floor , chairs were thrown , and the convention ended up appointing a committee to choose a nominee .
In 1999 , the provincial ridings of Nickel Belt and Sudbury East were merged for the 1999 Ontario general election ; even during the by-election campaign , Morin was already indicating that he did not intend to compete against Sudbury East 's popular incumbent Shelley Martel for the merged riding 's nomination .
The constituency covered north west Sheffield .
In 1977 , he founded the Paris Conservative Association .
She was christened Victoria Alice Elizabeth Julia Marie in Darmstadt on 25 April 1885 .
Out of these ideas and activities came a new generation of activists , including Keir Hardie , a Scot who had become convinced of the need for independent labour politics while working as a Gladstonian Liberal and trade union organiser in the Lanarkshire coalfield .
In 1998 , Gage was awarded the ACM Presidential Award by Chuck House , the President of the Association for Computing Machinery for his work on NetDay .
In the ensuing second ballot , the Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major beat Heseltine and Douglas Hurd .
For the 1946 Romanian general election , the CDE ran a Jewish Representation list , closely allied with the PCR .
Water privatisation in Jakarta began when the British water company Thames Water entered into an agreement with the son of then-President Suharto in 1993 to obtain a water concession .
In his posthumously published memoirs , Hudal instead recalls with bitterness the lack of support he found from the Holy See to give to Nazi Germany ' s battle against " godless Bolshevism " at the Eastern Front .
She was a sister of Rikke Nissen , niece of Hartvig Nissen , grandniece of Henrich Steffens and a first cousin of Prime Minister Francis Hagerup .
Before that , she was Uganda 's ambassador to France , Spain , Portugal and UNESCO , based in Paris .
Libertarian candidate Bob Barr filed a lawsuit in Texas to have Obama and McCain removed from the ballot in that state .
In the Finnish election of 1907 , the first held under conditions of universal suffrage , the Social Democratic Party of Finland garnered an impressive 37 % of the popular vote , electing 80 of its members to the 200 seat national parliament and making it the largest political party in the country .
When it came to selecting Healy 's successor , the Irish cabinet chose James McNeill , an Ulster man who was a former member of Collins 's constitution committee and a former Chairman of Dublin County Council .
With the end of the Great War , Popović has lobbied at the Allies of World War I ' courts and managed to secure a Montenegrin seat for the post-war Paris Peace Conference .
As a result , José Bono was elected for his sixth and last term in office , which he would not complete .
Incumbent mayor Dick Murphy stood for reelection for a second term .
Grant and Woods and their supporters internationally formed the Committee for a Marxist International in 1992 , which was later to be known as the International Marxist Tendency ( IMT ) , and remained active in the Labour Party .
Born of Nisga 'a , Gitxsan , Cree , and Ojibway ancestry , Mark was raised in Vancouver ' s Downtown Eastside neighbourhood in difficult circumstances .
It has been affiliated with the David Horowitz Freedom Center .
It was announced on 30 July 2008 that Rudi Vouk , lawyer and activist of the Carinthian Slovenes , one of the most outspoken critics of Jörg Haider , would be the leading candidate of the LIF in Carinthia and would be the LIF 's constitutional law spokesman .
He graduated from the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Hong Kong in 1981 .
He picked up all of Buffalo , as well as several inner-ring suburbs that used to be in the territory of Louise Slaughter , and returning Chautauqua County to its traditional Southern Tier district .
In Morocco , the 75 second-level administrative subdivisions are 13 prefecture s and 62 province s .
He also projected a translation of Herodotus , and published a specimen , in which he attempted to imitate archaic French ; but he did not live to carry out this plan .
The six regional offices located in Norristown , Harrisburg , Williamsport , Wilkes-Barre , Pittsburgh , and Meadville provide permitting , inspection , enforcement , and other field services for environmental protection programs .
This is a list of the Mayor s and Lord Mayor s of City of Parramatta Council and its predecessors , a local government area of New South Wales , Australia .
The " Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya " ( Republican Left of Catalonia , ERC ) was founded in March 1931 as the union of the independentist Estat Català ( " Catalan State " ) , led by Francesc Macià , the Catalan Republican Party , led by Lluís Companys and the " L 'Opinió " Group of Joan Lluhí i Vallescà .
Louisiana Republican U.S. Senator Bill Cassidy said he traveled with the group of politicians over the Easter recess to Coolidge , which is 120 miles north of the Mexico border , because he felt that not enough barrier and border enhancements had been erected since Donald Trump became president 27 months previously .
The chapter ends with Franken delving into Karl Rove ' s record of smears .
The media in Australia have covered Senator Fraser Anning of Queensland and his endorsement of the Great Replacement conspiracy theory .
The result was a victory for the incumbent Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson , who defeated his nearest rival Thóra Arnórsdóttir by nearly 20 % of the vote , and went on to serve a record fifth term as president of Iceland .
The Republican Party ( United States ) backed Emanuel L. Philipp a railroad executive for his first of three successful campaigns , the Democratic Party ( United States ) backed John C. Karel a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and a failed candidate for Governor in 1912 , the Progressive Party backed the future Governor , Senator and Attorney General of Wisconsin John J. Blaine and the Socialist Party of America backed Socialist editor , author , and organizer Oscar Ameringer .
She was succeeded by her legislative assistant , Regina Barrow .
The group describes itself as a nonpartisan and nonreligious national security group and its base of support comes from " evangelical Christian conservatives , hard-line defenders of Israel ( both Jews and Christians ) and Tea Party Republicans .
He briefly studied for the priesthood at St Patrick 's College , Maynooth , where he was a contemporary of future Social Democratic and Labour Party leader John Hume .
Wannaku Rallage was born and raised in Sri Lanka , and later moved to Italy before coming to the Greater Toronto Area .
The election was broadcast live on the BBC , and was presented by David Butler , Alastair Burnet , Robert McKenzie , Robin Day and Sue Lawley .
It was also a reaction to the power displayed by Prime Minister Robert Muldoon , whose action of illegally abolishing the Superannuation scheme in 1975 without any repercussions highlighted the need to distribute power in a more democratic way .
The General Government ( ) , was a German zone of occupation established after the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany , Slovakia and the Soviet Union in 1939 at the onset of World War II .
After President Richard Nixon resigned due to the Watergate Scandal , his Vice-President Gerald Ford became the 38th President of the United States .
Syrian journalist and activist Michel Kilo launched the declaration , after the Syrian writer and thinker Abdulrazak Eid had written its first draft .
Raúl Alexander Montaña Herrera ( born September 22 , 1971 in Bogotá ) is a retired male road racing cyclist from Colombia , who became a professional rider in 1994 .
The then Finance Minister , Pravin Gordhan advised the Minister of Social Development Bathabile Dlamini to award a new contract to commercial South African banks and the South African Post Office ( SAPO ) ,
He received also an M.A. degree in Public Law and Government from Columbia University in New York City .
In April , Châu traveled to Nanking and sought an audience with Chinese President Sun Yat-sen asking for help from his ideological counterpart .
In 2002 the newly established civic circles by Viktor Orbán called him to return to politics and he was elected head of the Civic Circle of Rákosmente ( District XVII , Budapest ) .
After the coup d 'etat of 24 March 1976 overthrew the constitutional government of Isabel Martínez de Perón , Barrancos immediately lost her job as a sociologist at the Comprehensive Medical Attention Program ( PAMI ) .
The idea was for the first time embraced by all the premiers and the council was formed , its foundation being announced on December 5 , 2003 , in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island .
For the French of the July Monarchy era , 3 September 1843 could only bring to mind their own Revolution of 1830 .
This summit is part of the Summit of the Americas initiative which is carried on by the Organization of American States with the purpose of bringing together the Heads of State and Government in the Hemisphere to discuss and act on political , economic and social issues concerning the Americas .
Robinson was the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) Member of Parliament ( MP ) for ridings in the Vancouver suburb of Burnaby , British Columbia , the third-largest city in British Columbia .
However , despite the conclusive Allied victory ( and the creation of the League of Nations during the Peace Conference , intended to prevent future wars ) , a second world war would follow just over twenty years later .
In 1992 he served as a member of Congress , in 1998 as a member of the Constituent assembly for Pichincha and as member of Quito ' s city council .
In October 2012 the WUA left the United Left Alliance following disagreements with the Socialist Party and People Before Profit Alliance over the tax affairs of Independent TD Mick Wallace .
Small was born in Glasgow , the second son of William Small , who became the secretary of the Lanarkshire Miners ' County Union ( LCMU ) , and Janet " Jessie " Bell Scott .
He was opposed to both the United Nations and its predecessor the League of Nations , dismissing both as part of a Jewish plot to undermine nationalism.Macklin , p .
Still , the MKP had strong support among the peasantry of the Peshawar and Mardan districts , the Malakand Agency and the former states of Swat and Dir .
In the November 2004 United States election , one of the issues up for a vote in the state of Colorado was known as Amendment 36 .
" Among Porter 's conclusions is one that regards the efforts to include Iran 's ballistic missiles within the nuclear negotiations after the interim deal was signed without them as " an Israeli-inspired monkey wrench thrown by its American Israel Public Affairs Committee ... to derail the talks .
With the buildup of defense industries for World War II , many African-Americans moved to the industrial and urban centers in the North and West during the second phase of the Great Migration in search of jobs and to avoid rampant racial segregation , bigotry , and violence in the rural South .
In September 1914 Cyril Connolly arrived at the schoolCyril Connolly , " George Orwell : I " in " The Evening Colonnade " , David Bruce and Watson 1973. and formed a close friendship with Orwell .
On 11 June 11 2017 , the political party " Dreapta " , founded by Ana Guțu , changed its name to the National Unity Party of Moldova ( PUN ) , at the extraordinary congress of the party .
Yu Qiuli was one of the last of the Long March generation of Chinese leaders who survived the epic journey by Communist forces across China in the mid-1930s to become an important figure in the administrations of Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping .
John Henry Gurney Jr , Johann Friedrich Naumann , Nikolai Severtzov and Dr. Aleksandr Middendorff .
He also negotiated a reciprocity treaty with British North America and the Gadsden purchase with Mexico , acquiring territory in present-day Arizona and New Mexico .
On July 3 , 2018 , within the scope of the Carwash probe ; failed Brazilian businessman Eike Batista was convicted of bribing Cabral for state government contracts , paying him USD $ 16.6 million .
Yosef Almogi and Shimon Peres resigned from the cabinet in May 1965 due to their opposition of the alliance between Mapai and Ahdut HaAvoda .
332. similarities have been pointed out between it and Sergei Eisenstein ' s film " Ivan the Terrible " , produced under Stalin 's tutelage.Christopher Kasparek , " Prus ' " Pharaoh " and Curtin 's Translation , " " The Polish Review " , 1986 , nos .
Upon completion of his studies , Boon Mark was employed by the American Presbyterian Mission in Siam as an evangelist in Phitsanulok province .
He decided not to contest the 1995 Portuguese legislative election , and the PSD , lacking a leader of his stature , lost 48 seats and the election .
During his time at De Beers he was seconded to the company 's marketing arm in London , the Diamond Trading Company , where his brief was the United States of America .
The first meeting of the entity was attended by both leaders of Platform for Catalonia ( PxC ) and the Republican Social Movement ( MSR ) with Juan Antonio Llopart , referents to the Spanish State of parties such as the Greek Golden Dawn or the British National Party ( BNP ) and fascist movements such as CasaPound .
The riding first appeared in the 1966 British Columbia general election .
Although Stan Waters , elected in the first Senate election of 1989 , was appointed to the Senate by then- Governor General Ray Hnatyshyn , on the advice of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney , in 1990 , subsequently elected Senate nominees were not appointed until 2007 when another Conservative Party of Canada government was in power .
The Democrats acknowledge that they needed a larger coalition in order to beat the centre-right and they were thus trying to convince Vendola to give up his bid and to endorse a more centrist candidate that could obtain the support of the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats ( UDC ) and Adriana Poli Bortone ' s I the South movement .
In the 1970s and 1980s he joined Senators Mark Hatfield and Spark Matsunaga and Congressman Dan Glickman in efforts to create a national institution dedicated to peace .
Onasanya was elected as the Labour MP for Peterborough at the 2017 United Kingdom general election and later stated her wish to be the first black female Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
Ennio Doris , an entrepreneur and an old friend of Berlusconi , boasts of his wealth , praising at the same time the entrepreneurial genius of Berlusconi , who is more concerned that he has lost the 2006 Italian general election by only 25,000 votes .
" Earlier in the year " Aydınlık " had published details of wiretapped conversations between Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and North Cyprus 's Mehmet Ali Talat .
Truman stated : " The determination of the future status of Formosa must await the restoration of security in the Pacific , a peace settlement with Japan , or consideration by the United Nations .
Garvey helped inspire the Rastafari movement in Jamaica , the Black Jews and the African Hebrew Israelites of Jerusalem who initially moved to Liberia before settling in Israel .
That was the same day as other 2019 United Kingdom local elections in order to elect members of Wokingham Unitary Council in Berkshire , England .
The KPD ( with 600,000 members , led by Wilhelm Pieck ) and the SPD in East Germany ( with 680,000 members , led by Otto Grotewohl ) , which was under strong pressure from the Communists , merged in April 1946 to form the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( " Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands " - SED ) under pressure from the occupation authorities .
Chief Judge J. Edward Lumbard disagreed , in an opinion that began : " I dissent .
The Main Command had its headquarters in Zagreb , but remained directly subordinate to the Ministry of War in Vienna .
The alliance sought to win votes from the major conservative Fidesz party .
The Liberal Party of Australia - National Party of Australia Coalition was defending four seats .
Until the early 1960s , Ćosić was devoted to Josip Broz Tito and his vision of a harmonious Yugoslavia .
Finally , in 1878 he was elected Governor of Delaware , overwhelmingly defeating Kensey J. Steward , the Greenback Party candidate .
The moderate Reform Party was able to elect the former mayor of Brooklyn Park , and former professional wrestler , Jesse Ventura to the governorship in 1998 .
Philip Murray hired Sellins to join the staff of the UMWA in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The final instalment of Michael Dobbs ' s and the BBC 's " House of Cards " trilogy , " The Final Cut " , includes a character , Claire Carlsen , who serves as Prime Minister Francis Urquhart ' s Parliamentary Private Secretary , ultimately betraying him by attempting to leak documents about his service in the British Army .
Stylianos Gonatas ( in Patras - 29 March 1966 in Athens ) was a Greece military officer and Venizelist politician and Prime Minister of Greece between 1922 and 1924 .
The Liberals lost power in the 1984 Canadian federal election , and were reduced to only 40 seats in the House of Commons .
Leadership in other countries , including the United States , has been paralyzed from time to time by powerful interest groups , and some policies in Japan requiring decisive leadership , such as the creation of social welfare and energy conservation policies in the 1970s and the privatization of state enterprises in the 1980s , have been reasonably successful .
The Italian population was mostly wary of Habsburg Monarchy Austria , as they feared the increasing Austrian influence in Italy .
The SAAS Emergency Operations Centre ( EOC ) , based in Eastwood , Adelaide , primarily answers emergency triple-zero ( 000 ) calls using the MPDS dispatch system .
All 50 states and the District of Columbia , were part of the 1968 United States presidential election .
Hitler 's government had urged von Hindenburg to dissolve the Reichstag and to call March 1933 German federal election .
Labor challenger Neville Newell won the seat on the seventh count after Caldicott 's preferences flowed overwhelmingly to him , allowing him to take the seat on a swing of seven percent .
( Buchanan gave the post to Aaron V. Brown .
Yousef is collaborating with US based actor and film producer Sam Feuer in the production of two films : a feature film adaptation of Yousef 's book " Son of Hamas " and documentary " The Green Prince " , and a historical depiction of the life of the Muslim prophet Muhammad based on the accounts of eighth-century historian Ibn Ishaq .
Because Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin used the war as a testing ground for modern warfare , some historians , such as Ernst Nolte , have considered the Spanish Civil War , along with World War II , to be part of a European Civil War which lasted from 1936 to 1945 and was mainly characterised as a left / right ideological conflict .
However , their Soviet Union -aligned opponents looked at this region as one of their possible zones of success , considering the local strength of the Socialist Party before the Fascist era .
An " Information Bureau " in Chicago was established to coordinate the activity of the " loose-knit federation of autonomous groups "
Two major parties dominated the political landscape : the History of the United States Democratic Party , led by Andrew Jackson , and the Whig Party , assembled by Henry Clay from the National Republican Party and from other opponents of Jackson .
In the Czech Republic , a " hejtman " ( German : " Hauptmann " ) represents each of the 13 self-governing regions ( Czech " kraj " , pl .
In 1919 , Colonel Plastiras commanded the 5 / 42 Evzone Regiment in the Ukraine , as part of an Allied force aiding the White Army in their ultimately unsuccessful fight against the Red Army .
In the 1932 election , Clark ran for the United States Senate seat held by the retiring Harry B. Hawes ,
The actress Véronique Genest read an excerpt from the " Declaration of the Rights of Woman " .
Labor ' s Susan Close won the seat on a 52.9 percent two-candidate-preferred ( TCP ) vote .
He has also taught at Johns Hopkins ' Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies from 2008 to 2010 .
He appeared as a theater director in Paul Feig comedy-drama " Last Christmas " in a brief scene with Peter Serafinowicz , Sara Powell and Emilia Clarke .
Division 1Otsahi Matsuwo " Khubilai Kan " Kublai also sent his protege Ghiyas-ud-din Baraq to overthrow the court of the Oirat Orghana , the empress of the Chagatai Khanate , who put her young son Mubarak Shah on the throne in 1265 , without Kublai 's permission after her husband 's death .
Between 1950 and 1951 , the remaining DRP MPs who supported Fritz Rössler sought to merge with these groups in order to form a larger grouping , which resulted in the creation of the " Deutsche Reichspartei " .Eatwell , " Fascism : A History " , p .
From 2008-09 , Shiceka was the Minister of Provincial and Local Government under interim President Kgalema Motlanthe .
John Lewis ( 1 February 1889 - 12 February 1976 ) was a United Kingdom Unitarian minister and Marxist philosopher and author of many works on philosophy , anthropology , and religion .
They were the first multi-party elections since independence , but were cancelled by a military coup after the first round when the military expressed concerns that the Islamic Salvation Front , which was almost certain to win more than the two-thirds majority of seats required to change the constitution , would form an Islamic state .
The constituency is estimated to have had the highest vote share in favour of leaving the European Union ( EU ) in the 2016 EU membership referendum , at 75.6 % .
The controversy regarding the political status of Taiwan , sometimes referred to as the Taiwan Issue or Taiwan Strait Issue , or from a Taiwanese perspective as the Mainland Issue , is a result of the Chinese Civil War and the subsequent split of China into the two present-day self-governing entities of the China ( PRC ; commonly known as " China " ) and the Taiwan ( ROC ; commonly known as " Taiwan " ) .
Earning a doctorate from the Mathematics Institute of Poznań University of Technology in 1976 with the thesis , " Random Division of a Square " , she remained on the faculty of the Institute 's Electrical Engineering department .
The secretariat headquarters is in Georgetown , Guyana .
This is first and only election for Tun Abdul Razak as Prime Minister since was appointed to the position in 1970 and first general election the Barisan Nasional was new political alliance replacing Alliance Party with Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party ( PAS ) , Parti Gerakan Rakyat Malaysia ( PGRM ) and People 's Progressive Party ( PPP ) was part of Barisan Nasional .
Alida Cornelia Maria " Alice " Besseling ( 23 October 1944 - 22 January 2014 ) was a city council member for the Christian Democratic Appeal in the Dutch city of Alphen aan den Rijn , and a local and social activist who was instrumental in the recognition of the Jewish cemetery in her hometown .
In April 2010 , the government dropped murder charges against Zaldy Ampatuan and Akhmad Ampatuan , who had presented alibis .
The party subsequently lost all of its seats including those in the provincial parliament and provincial legislature.See United Christian Democratic Party
When the newly formed Mutual Alliance Trust Company opened for business in New York on the Tuesday after June 29 , 1902 , there were 13 directors , including Emanuel Lehman , William Rockefeller , Cornelius Vanderbilt , and Straus .
He finished the Calvinist College in Zalău in 1890 , and studied Law at the Franz Joseph University , then at the Eötvös Loránd University and that of University of Vienna , being awarded the doctorate in 1896 .
In 1997 , President Bill Clinton appointed her official U.S. ambassador to the Holy See , a position she held until 2001 .
The Representation of the People Act 1981 disqualified prisoners detained for more than a year from membership of the House of Commons , so the resulting by-election was contested by Sands 's election agent Owen Carron , rather than by another prison on hunger strike .
Ilić was nominated for president in 2008 Serbian presidential election by New Serbia with support of Democratic Party of Serbia , United Serbia and List for Sandžak .
Præstø Town Hall Danish : " Præstø Rådhus " ) is the former town hall of Præstø , now part of Vordingborg Municipality , in southeastern Denmark .
In the early 1880s , after a brief alliance with the newly formed Conservative Party , most of the Faction dissolved into the PNL , which had emerged as the dominant " Red " group in the Kingdom of Romania .
Presidential and parliamentary elections were held in Madagascar on 20 December 2013 , following a first round of presidential elections on 25 October .
He was elected as a UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) candidate in 2014 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom .
Groups convening for the march included the American Federation of Teachers , Color of Change , Democracy Spring , Media Matters for America , MoveOn.org , the National Education Association , the National Women 's Law Center , and Public Citizen .
He kicked 28 goals , the fourth most by an Essendon player that year , and contributed five goals in a win over Fitzroy at Brunswick Street Oval .
The Schiller Institute is a German based political and economic think tank founded by Helga Zepp-LaRouche , with stated members in 50 countries .
Through the latter half of the 19th century and into the first decade of the 20th , the city of Berlin , Ontario , Canada , was a bustling industrial centre celebrating its Germany heritage .
The result of the election was clear enough on election night for Moderate Party leader Fredrik Reinfeldt to declare himself the victor and for Göran Persson to announce his resignation as Prime Minister and as leader of the Swedish Social Democratic Party .
One of his sons is politician Hau Lung-pin , the former chairman of the New Party , and former Mayor of Taipei .
The Catholic Church in France is part of the worldwide Catholic Church in communion with the Pope in Holy See .
However , German support enabled the Georgians to repel the Bolshevik threat from Abkhazia .
After his release from prison , he had to leave Switzerland , and he travelled to the Mandatory Palestine .
" ref name = " Dictionary1950 " / On October 6 , 1960 Senator John F. Kennedy , in the midst of his campaign for the U.S. Presidency , decried Batista 's relationship with the U.S. government and criticized the Eisenhower administration for supporting him :
The party opposed the broad alliance of anti-fascist parties united in the National Liberation Committee s ( CLN ) and ranging from the Italian Communist Party to the Christian Democrats as well as the occupation by the Allies of World War II .
During the first part of his reign , Tang territorial gains , which started with his father Emperor Taizong , continued , including the conquest of Baekje , Goguryeo , and the Western Turkic Khaganate , but throughout the 670s , much of those gains were lost to the Tibetan Empire , Silla , Khitan , and Balhae .
The RD-864 ( GRAU : 15D177 ) is a Soviet Union liquid propellant rocket engine burning UDMH and nitrogen tetroxide in a gas generator combustion cycle .
Step by step they invited prominent politicians and theoreticians from right-wing parties and movements from all over Europe - among them Markus Beisicht , Patrik Brinkmann , Filip Dewinter , Aleksandr Dugin , Matthias Faust , Bruno Gollnisch and far-right Catalan politician Enrique Ravello .
Her son Fergus Ewing serves as SNP MSP , as did his wife Margaret Ewing , and her daughter Annabelle Ewing , who was also an MP between 2001 and 2005 .
After the Republic of China took control of Taiwan in 1945 and relocated its capital to Taipei in 1949 , the intention of Chiang Kai-shek was to eventually go back to mainland China and retake control of it .
In 1994 , he joined the ruling Liberal Democracy of Slovenia .
Massachusetts voted for the Republican nominee , James G. Blaine , over the Democratic nominee , Grover Cleveland .
During the reign of King Ferdinand I from 1526 , the lands of the Bohemian Crown became a constituent part of the Habsburg Monarchy .
Veneman is currently a board member of Malaria No More , a New York-based nonprofit that was launched at the 2006 White House Summit with the goal of ending all deaths caused by malaria .
The Alliance won 87 seats in the Assembly , whilst the Liberal Party won a further five seats running alone and one seat where it ran in alliance with the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia .
Ahead of the 2018 Bangladeshi general election , the Election Commission reduced the boundaries of the constituency by removing four union parishad s of Kamalganj Upazila : Adampur , Alinagar , Islampur , and Shamshernagar .
After the July 2009 parliamentary election , alongside Mihai Ghimpu , Marian Lupu , and Serafim Urechean , Vlad Filat signed the Alliance For European Integration in a press-conference on August 8 , 2009 .
He was surprisingly defeated by Chui Chi-kin , an " umbrella soldier " inspired by the 2014 Hong Kong protests almost unknown to the public before he was elected in the 2015 District Council election with 2,017 votes against Chung 's 1,829 votes in Yue Wan , which ended his 25-year service as District Councillor .
West Ham North Borough Constituency was created by the Representation of the People Act 1948 , and was first contested at the 1950 United Kingdom general election .
Peter fled with his treasury to Portugal , where he was coldly received by his uncle , King Peter I of Portugal , and thence to Galicia , in the northern Iberian Peninsula , where he ordered the murder of Suero , the archbishop of Santiago de Compostela , and the dean , Peralvarez .
After World War II , Americans saw relations between the United States and the Soviet Union deteriorating , the Soviets consolidating communist allies over much of Eastern Europe , and the potential victory of Communist Party of China forces in the Chinese Civil War .
When the city of Fort William merged with the neighbouring city of Port Arthur in 1970 to create the current city of Thunder Bay , the district of Fort William and the corresponding electoral district of Port Arthur continued as separate districts serving the new city .
In 1890 he graduated from the Southern Utah University and University of Deseret then served as a teacher and principal in Murray and Grantsville .
The SPD subsequently formed a coalition with The Greens , and Beck continued in office .
Former Independent Governor Angus King won the open seat with 52.9 % of the vote against Republican Charlie Summers and Democrat Cynthia Dill .
Hilda Ross contested the election for the National Party .
LAF member Leonas Prapuolenis read independence declaration " Atstatoma laisva Lietuva " ( Free Lithuania is Restored ) - " Young Lithuania with enthusiasm promises to add up to the Europe organization on the new bases .
As state Whig parties chose their presidential candidates by convention or caucus , the other major Whig presidential candidate from the North , Massachusetts Senator Daniel Webster was defeated by Harrison in most states , eventually getting to run only in his home state .
He lost to Jimmy Carter 297-240 in the electoral vote .
The first committee , under the chair Jeanne Martin Cissé of Guinea , with vice-chairs , Gladys Freire de Addiego of Uruguay ,
Medvedev was born in Bakhmut city of Yekaterinoslav Governorate in a family of Ukrainian ethnicity .
He was deposed twice from the throne of Naples : once by the revolutionary Parthenopean Republic for six months in 1799 and again by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1805 .
In retaliation , the government authorised airstrikes against both PKK camps in Northern Iraq and ISIL positions in Syria .
He received his B.A. from Yale College ( 1897 ) and his M.D. from Johns Hopkins Medical School ( 1901 ) .
David Cameron , who had led the party since 2005 became Prime Minister on 11 May 2010 after the Conservatives formed a coalition government with the Liberal Democrats .
One notable gathering happened on June 16 , 1995 when 50,000 people congregated on the west side of the City-County Building to watch the International Olympic Committee pick the host city for the 2002 Winter Olympics live on large projection screens .
However , the communists had learned from the engagement as well and correctly deducted the Kuomintang objective , and thus made a plan of their own to counter that of the Kuomintang : instead of falling into the Kuomintang trap by fighting the way Kuomintang had wanted , the best way to engage the superior Kuomintang naval fleet was to utilize the long range shore batteries , and the much weaker naval force would act as auxiliary to the shore batteries .
Manuel Azaña would replace Manuel Portela Valladares , caretaker , as prime minister .
Probably the worst of the revolutionary mobs was that which paraded the streets of Boston .
In the 1989 general elections , Lula went to the second round with Fernando Collor de Mello .
Other leading countries are : Israel ( 8 ) , United Kingdom ( 8 ) , Mexico ( 7 ) , Italy ( 6 ) , Ireland ( 6 ) , South Korea ( 6 ) , Germany , including West Germany and unified Germany ( 5 ) , India ( 5 ) , Canada ( 3 ) , Australia ( 3 ) , Argentina ( 3 ) , and the Philippines ( 3 ) .
" For this he was prosecuted under the The incident led him to renounce National Renewal ( RN ) , the party to which Andrés Allamand had brought him ( and in doing so , he had appointed him director of the Liberty Institute ) .
Purcell was born in 1953 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and raised in the nearby suburb of Wallingford , Pennsylvania .
During its early years , its editorial offices were located near the University of Toronto in space rented from Campus Co-operative Residences Inc .
In 1261 , he commanded the Bulgarian forces in a war against Hungary near Severin ( western Wallachia ) , and in 1262 he possibly fought against Byzantine Empire , as a Byzantine army invaded his lands in the following year during an anti-Bulgarian campaign .
Most of their labour was concentrated in the Northern regions of China .
The Asturian miners ' strike of 1934 was a major strike action , against the entry of the Spanish Confederation of the Autonomous Right ( CEDA ) into the Second Spanish Republic on October 6 , Unearthing Franco 's Legacy , p.61 , University of Notre Dame Press , 2010 which took place in Asturias in northern Spain , that developed into a revolutionary uprising .
The party also expelled supporters of Nikolai Bukharin and of Jay Lovestone ' s Right Opposition , such as William Moriarty .
The plan enjoyed significant support , including from business groups seeking lower electricity prices , such as the Energy Users ' Association , the Business Council and the Australian Industry Group ; and by transport lobby groups Infrastructure Partnerships Australia and the Tourism and Transport Forum .
He went on to be elected as Senator for the municipal district Prague 6 from 2004 to 2010 and to serve as Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic from 2007 to 2009 and again from 2010 to 2013 , originally as a non-partisan minister nominated by the Green Party .
Supporters of the Aga Khan III help Bose across the border into Afghanistan where he was met by an Abwehr unit posing as a party of road construction engineers from the Organization Todt who then aided his passage across Afghanistan via Kabul to the border with Soviet Russia .
Hendrikus ( " Hennie " ) Hollink ( 1 October 1931 in Glanerbrug , Overijssel - 31 January 2018 ) was a football ( soccer ) player and manager from the Netherlands , who played for Roda JC , FC Twente and Heracles Almelo .
Sutherland was appointed to the court in 1922 , to be followed by two other economic conservatives , Pierce Butler and Edward Terry Sanford , in 1923 .
Clinton ran a second time with former Tennessee Senator Al Gore as Vice President , and Dole ran with former New York Congressman Jack Kemp .
The U.S. Embassy in Germany has not always been in Berlin , with the current complex opening in July 2008 .
The Passenger Vessel Services Act of 1886 ( sometimes abbreviated to PVSA , Passenger Services Act , or PSA ) is a protectionist piece of United States legislation which came into force in 1886 relating to cabotage .
New Orleans served as the capital city during both the colonial period and the early statehood period .
David Callahan , a Fellow at the Century Foundation , and Stephen B. Heintz , Vice-President of the EastWest Institute , joined Halpern in helping to found Demos .
A migrating form of political was a natural ingredient in the feudalism that succeeded the more centralized Roman Empire of old .
While other left-wing analysis identified Israel as an aggressor to the point they were perceiveid by the Anti-German movement as supporting Islamist groups such as Hamas , the Anti-German camp called for unconditional solidarity with Israel , explicitly Jews and other non-Arab groups native to the region against pan-Arabist ideology .
" The Evil Empire : 101 Ways That England Ruined the World " is a book written by Steven Grasse , the chief executive officer of Philadelphia marketing agency Quaker City Mercantile .
Saw Zein ( ; also known as Saw Zeik and Binnya Ran De ; 1303-1330 ) was king of Hanthawaddy Kingdom from 1323 to 1330 .
Abdus Salam called two of his students , Riazuddin and Masud Ahmad working at the International Centre for Theoretical Physics ( ICTP ) to report to Munir Ahmad Khan .
Later in the German Empire , Poles , together with Danes , Alsatians , German Catholics and Social Democratic Party of Germany , were portrayed as " Reichsfeinde " ( " foes of the Empire " ) .
The Peshawar Accords created the Islamic State of Afghanistan and appointed an interim government for a transitional period to be followed by general elections .
The provisional government of Milan made him a general , and in 1849 , the Minister of War promoted him to General of the Roman Republic .
During the War of 1812 , American troops set fire to the buildings of the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada in York ( now Toronto ) .
In 1926 he founded the " Acción Republicana " ( " Republican Action " ) party with José Giral .
He was Minister of Agriculture from 1935 to 1941 in the First Labour Government , first under Michael Joseph Savage and then under Fraser .
Ell was born in Christchurch , New Zealand , and grew up on his father 's farm in Halswell .
During the Second Sino-Japanese War , the college moved through numerous places to avoid the Japanese invasion and military campaign , including Tunxi ( in Anhui ) , Shanghai , Shaowu ( in Fujian ) , Guiyang , Chongqing ( the wartime capital of China ) , etc .
On his deathbed , William the Conqueror accorded the Duchy of Normandy to his eldest son Robert Curthose , the Kingdom of England to his son William Rufus , and money for his youngest son Henry Beauclerc for him to buy land .
A second agreement was signed three years later with Indira Gandhi .
The Engelbert Dollfuss / Kurt Schuschnigg government did not deny that Austrians were Germans but opposed annexation into Germany especially under the Nazi regime .
Minister for Provincial Government David Tome was reshuffled to the position of Minister for Police , National Security and Correctional Services , left vacant by Clay Forau .
His reign saw major inroads from the neighbouring Silla and Goguryeo kingdoms , with Silla occupying the present-day Seoul area and trading directly with China .
The 1972 Australian federal election saw Labor win power nationally for the first time in 23 years under Gough Whitlam .
In the 1920s , the party emerged as the main rival to the Social Democratic Party of Finland ( SDP ) , and the party 's first prime minister , Kyösti Kallio , held the office four times between 1922 and 1937 .
She worked with fellow detectives Javier Esposito ( Jon Huertas ) and Kevin Ryan ( Seamus Dever ) and medical examiner Lanie Parish ( Tamala Jones ) under Captain Roy Montgomery ( Ruben Santiago-Hudson ) .
From 1986 till 1989 he was a research student , later becoming a research assistant at the Free University of Berlin Central Research Institute .
The German chancellor Otto von Bismarck re-created the Concert of Europe to avoid future conflicts escalating into new wars .
The constituency was created for the 1918 United Kingdom general election , and abolished for the 1950 United Kingdom general election .
Dagobert II ( died 679 ) was the Merovingian king of the Franks ruling in Austrasia from 675 or 676 until his death .
As a result of this conference , Leidholdt felt it would be more productive to focus on combatting the international sex industry , and founded the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women ( CATW ) for that purpose .
After Sher Shah Suri ' s death in 1545 , his son Islam Shah became the ruler of the Sur Empire and during his rule , Hemu rose to become the superintendent of the market in Delhi with some soldierly experience under his belt .
After the end of the Han dynasty in 220 , Cang Ci served as an official in the state of Cao Wei .
He was defeated by Democratic challenger Kendra Horn in the 2018 election .
He resumed his role as Foreign Minister after Recep Tayyip Erdoğan formed his third government .
Ramal ran unsuccessfully in the 2015 Canadian federal election , but finished second to Irene Mathyssen of the rival New Democratic Party .
Earle Page , as leader of the Country and John Curtin as leader of the Labor Party both pledged support to the declaration of war .
The other candidates were Ricardo Álvarez ( the Mayor of Tegucigalpa ) , Fernando Anduray ( National Congress deputy ) , Victor Hugo Barnica ( Third Vice President of Honduras ) , Eva Fernandez , Loreley Fernandez , and Miguel Pastor ( Secretary of State for Public Works , Transport , and Housing ) .
Griffin was first elected to Parliament at the 1993 Australian federal election , unseating the Liberal Party of Australia incumbent in Corinella , Russell Broadbent .
Fifty-two states are members of the Commonwealth of Nations .
In the United States , a federal holiday is an authorized holiday which has been recognized by the US government .
She obtained a bachelor of arts degree in Political Science at the University of Iceland in 1991 .
The name is also often applied to the Portuguese Empire , the realm 's extensive overseas colonies .
Three parties , Union of Christian and Centre Democrats , National Alliance and New Italian Socialist Party , threatened to withdraw from the Berlusconi government .
He had already launched an expedition against Kerman in 1719 and in 1721 he besieged the city again .
Founded as the Imperial War Museum in 1917 , the museum was intended to record the civil and military war effort and sacrifice of Britain and British Empire during the First World War .
He declined to seek re-election in 2004 and was succeeded by Republican Jim DeMint .
" The Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb said that : " By working together our great cities can pack a bigger economic punch to support business and private enterprise .
He was narrowly defeated by CCM candidate Salmin Amour , winning 49.76 % of the vote to Amour 's 50.24 % .
Baron Siméon Denis Poisson Royal Society FRSE ( ; 21 June 1781 - 25 April 1840 ) was a French mathematician , engineer , and physicist who made many scientific advances .
The origins of the CDS can be traced to the 1959 United Kingdom general election , which Labour was largely expected to win , but lost due to the Conservatives exploiting public uncertainty over the Labour economic programme .
After the Eusko Alkartasuna moved closer to the nationalist left , however , and its inclusion in the EH Bildu Basque coalition , she left the EA and became aligned with the Basque Nationalist Party , attending public events in support of the successful 2012 regional presidential candidate , Iñigo Urkullu .
Following the EU 's example , the African Union was founded in 2002 and the Union of South American Nations in 2008 .
In April 2016 it ran an op-ed by Conor Friedersdorf , a staff writer for " The Atlantic " and city resident .
The airline continued to expand during the rest of the 1940s and 1950s , as other British Commonwealth of Nations airlines , such as BOAC and Qantas Empire Airways , provided technical assistance , as well as assistance in joining the IATA .
Not everyone saw it that way , however , most notably the project 's original producer David O. Selznick .
The strikes were led initially by Mick Cash , General Secretary of the National Union of Rail , Maritime and Transport Workers ( RMT ) ; the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen ( ASLEF ) union joined the strikes in November 2016 , followed by the Transport Salaried Staffs ' Association ( TSSA ) union in January 2018 .
" After a dream where Cartman is simultaneously Tom Brady , Roger Goodell and Bill Belichick , with Brady evading consequences for his actions during the Deflategate scandal , Cartman pledges to Butters that he will get the better of Principal .
Hugh J. Gallen ( July 30 , 1924 - December 29 , 1982 ) was an United States automobile dealer and Democratic politician from Littleton , New Hampshire .
The Protests of 2019 , also known as the Global Protest Wave of 2019 , is a term used to describe the abnormally large number of high profile protests that happened during 2019 and have continued into 2020 ; protests classified in the " wave " included those in the Arab world , Iran , Hong Kong , France , Catalonia and Latin America .
Barrister Ocheja did his National Youth Service Corps ( National Youth Service Corps ) at the Faulty of Law at the Ahmadu Bello University in the 1982 / 1983 session .
The allied army of Japan and Baekje was preparing for war against Silla , but the death of the empress thwarted those plans .
The 2012 Bassetlaw District Council election took place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Bassetlaw District Council in Nottinghamshire , England as part of the 2012 United Kingdom local elections .
Chipp became identified as part of a " small-l liberal " faction of the Liberal Party , along with Snedden and Andrew Peacock .
Until 2014 , he also served as honorary consul of Estonia .
The Kuomintang chairmanship election of 2005 ( ) was held on July 16 , 2005 in Taiwan between Ma Ying-jeou and Wang Jin-pyng .
The doctrine of democratic centralism served as one of the sources of the split between the Bolsheviks and the Mensheviks .
He is the president of the Population Research Institute ( PRI ) , an advocate for human rights in China , and has been instrumental in exposing abuses in China 's one-child policy as well as other human rights abuses in population control programs around the world .
The full list of Steel 's supposed nominators were a selection of students of the University of Oxford , some of whom were officers of the Oxford University Conservative Association ( OUCA ) .
In 2015 , following the 2008-11 crisis , Iceland ' s Prime Minister Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson commissioned a study for monetary and banking reform .
In January 1953 , Senator John W. Bricker of Ohio re-introduced the Bricker Amendment , which would limit the president 's treaty making power and ability to enter into executive agreements with foreign nations .
The further Acts of Union 1800 thereby unified the Kingdoms of Great Britain and of Kingdom of Ireland into the single United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , with a newly unified parliament ..
" He cited the dismissal of TD Lucinda Creighton from her ministerial post the same year for voting against party policy on the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Act 2013 as evidence of suppressing independent opinions by the whip system .
When they demand that Homer point them towards Earth 's leader , Homer informs them of the upcoming 1996 United States presidential election and says the winner could be either Bill Clinton or Bob Dole .
In November 2011 , an anonymous top-level domain , .bit , was launched outside of ICANN control , as a response to the perceived threat from SOPA , although its effectiveness ( as well as the effectiveness of other alternative DNS root s ) remains unknown .
Doha Round talks are overseen by the Trade Negotiations Committee ( TNC ) , whose chair is the WTO 's director-general , currently Roberto Azevêdo .
Later he was sent by the Israeli foreign service to Uruguay and Argentina to track down Nazi s .
In the 1905 New Zealand general election , Ngata himself stood as the Liberal candidate for the Eastern Maori electorate , challenging the incumbent Wi Pere .
A Paul Harris Fellow of Rotary International , UK founded the Elder ( Chief ) K.U. Eke Memorial Foundation , through which he supports education scholarship , women empowerment , training of clergy men / pastors , mentoring and capacity building .
He was a member of the Council of the British Empire League .
He also edited and completed Hermann Olshausen " s commentary , himself writing the volumes on the Epistle to the Hebrews , the Johannine epistles , and Revelation .
Since the 1980s , the Conservative Party has also had its own official section in Northern Ireland , the Northern Ireland Conservatives .
As of the 2018 Massachusetts general election , all these officials have been from the Democratic Party .
Jędrzej Giertych ( 7 January 1903 in Sosnowiec - 9 October 1992 in London ) was a Polish right-wing politician , journalist and writer .
Abel Pacheco was elected President , under a national unity platform , but continuing most of the neoliberal and conservative policies of Miguel Ángel Rodríguez .
Brady served as the Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands from 1983 to 1987 during the second term of former Governor Juan Francisco Luis .
Kosovo is not a member of the United Nations , but 115 states , including the United States and various members of the European Union , have recognised Kosovo as a sovereign state .
He stated though that he had the backing of French President Jacques Chirac .
In February 2020 , Mourdant joined the Cabinet Office as the Paymaster General , succeeding Oliver Dowden .
McCartney also strongly opposed the St Andrews Agreement and in 2007 Northern Ireland Assembly election stood on an anti-agreement ticket in six different constituencies .
This followed the resignation of Alhassan Wayo Seini ( NDC ) , who resigned to join the New Patriotic Party but lost the resultant by-election .
As part of Malta 's first group of MEPs , he was a member of the Party of European Socialists .
The chronicle records the founding of the Rajahnate of Cebu by a certain Sri Lumay ( also known as Rajamuda Lumaya ) , who was a prince from the Hindu Chola dynasty of Sumatra .
It stars Mohanlal , Murali , Geetha , and Urvashi in the lead roles .
Shkreli was born in Coney Island Hospital in Brooklyn , New York City , on March 17 , 1983 .
Gerry Fitt , the SDLP party leader , took office as deputy chief executive , taking government alongside the Ulster Unionist Party ( led by Brian Faulkner ) and the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland .
The party was founded by Henry Brookman in 1980 , and was represented by Hans Janmaat in the Dutch House of Representatives from 1982 , until he was expelled from the party in 1984 and joined the more moderate Centre Democrats .
There were offices for Scotland and Wales , and offices in the English regions ( in London , Leeds , Cambridge , Hastings , Reading , Bristol , Birmingham and Manchester ; the Manchester office included Northern Ireland in its territory ) .
Originally from Spain , Santayana was raised and educated in the United States from the age of eight and identified himself as an American , although he always retained a valid Spanish passport .George Santayana , " Apologia Pro Mente Sua , " in P. A. Schilpp , " The Philosophy of George Santayana " , ( 1940 ) , 603 .
From 1992 to 1998 , she was an honorary consul in Boston , Massachusetts in the United States of America .
Nicholas A. Langworthy ( born February 27 , 1981 ) is an United States politician serving as chair of the New York State Republican Committee .
In the 2013 Iranian presidential election , the council endorsed Hassan Rouhani , after persuasion of Mohammad Reza Aref to withdraw via Mohammad Khatami .
He remained intimately involved with the Canadian student YMCA s and YWCA s as a leader of Bible study classes and , after its formation in 1920 , with the Student Christian Movement of Canada , also holding a position as part-time lecturer at the University of Toronto .
The NDP had been expected to make a strong showing in Edmonton , which has traditionally been much friendlier to centre-left candidates than the rest of Alberta .
The Florentine Codex , made by Bernardino de Sahagún , relied on native informants from Tlatelolco , and generally portrays Tlatelolco and Tlatelolcan rulers in a favorable light relative to those of Tenochtitlan .
310 In February 1945 , prior to the return of the government-in-exile to Yugoslavia , King Peter named Grol as a member of the regency to be formed under the Tito-Šubašić agreement , however Josip Broz Tito would not accept Grol in the regency , and he was ultimately not appointed .
Antonin Artaud ' s theatre of cruelty grew into his categorical imperative .
This box set introduced gamers to the continent of Taladas , noted for having a large molten sea in its middle , and a nation of minotaurs modeled on the Roman Empire , with its own imperial family , senate , and gladiatorial games .
The Socialist Republic of Romania had long since been overthrown , however , and the expression " vin americanii ! " was used in a more jocular or ironic fashion this time around .
Although not a formal member of the International Conference of Marxist-Leninist Parties and Organizations ( Unity & amp ; Struggle ) , the APL is generally supportive of its line and maintains friendly relations with a number of foreign communist parties including the Chilean Communist Party ( Proletarian Action ) , the Turkish Labour Party ( EMEP ) , the Labour Party of Iran , and the Communist Party of Great Britain ( Marxist-Leninist ) .
He was a member of the Danish Social Liberal Party and the party 's leader from 1968-1975 .
The Third Amendment was introduced in Congress in 1789 by James Madison as a part of the United States Bill of Rights , in response to Anti-Federalist objections to the new Constitution .
The two allegedly were caught in the act of planning bomb attacks against the King Fahd Mosque in Culver City , California , and on the office of U.S. Representative Darrell Issa , who is of Lebanese and Czech descent .
The Croatian Party of Rights of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( or HSP BiH ) is a parliamentary party in Bosnia and Herzegovina that represents the ideology of Dr. Ante Starčević .
Çakıcı was born in Nicosia , the capital of Cyprus , in 1966 .
In December 2017 he became the Republic of Poland Ambassador to India .
Bucerius was born in Westphalia , and studied law in Freiburg , Berlin , and Hamburg .
Yuliy Mamchur , 7 .
In 2014 , at the age of 75 , Hosokawa was approached by the DPJ to run in the 2014 Tokyo gubernatorial election .
His awkward attempts to strike up friendships with his colleagues ( asking his Cabinet colleagues to call him " Jack " : only J. H. Thomas did so , and Neville Chamberlain settled on " John " ) often fell flat .
As a senior , he received the Moses Taylor Pyne Honor Prize , Princeton 's highest undergraduate honor .
Zhuang Tinglong ( 莊廷鑨 ; died 1655 ) was a wealthy merchant from Nanxun , Wucheng County , which is in present-day Huzhou , Zhejiang Province .
Lynette Alice " Squeaky " Fromme ( born October 22 , 1948 ) is an United States criminal who was a member of the Manson family .
David Libai was born in Tel Aviv .
This election will be the 7th early election called in the history of Turkish multi-party politics , with the previous 6 occurring in 1957 Turkish general election , 1987 Turkish general election , 1991 Turkish general election , 1995 Turkish general election , 1999 Turkish general election and 2002 Turkish general election .
In 1863 he became vice-president of the consultative committee for French colonial empire and president of the admiralty council .
Republican Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover defeated the Democratic nominee , Governor Al Smith of New York .
The couple have two children , Liz Cheney and Mary Cheney , and seven grandchildren .
He became Creative Management 's vice president of the motion picture department in 1967 , where he worked with Steven Spielberg and Francis Ford Coppola among others , and headed to International Famous Agency in 1970 .
He is a Visiting Professor in the London School of Economics , University of London , and an associate member of the Centre de Recherche en Epistémologie Appliquée ( CREA ) , École Polytechnique , Paris .
Party leader Alasdair McDonnell narrowly retained Belfast South with just 9,560 votes ( a share of only 24.5 % - the lowest of any winning candidate in the UK in 2015 ) .
Ann Corcoran went on to hold the seat in the 2001 Australian federal election and 2004 Australian federal election , but lost pre-selection prior to the 2007 Australian federal election .Green , Antony : .
Edvard Beneš was considered Masaryk 's successor since 1918 .
The building was designed in 1932 by the Office of the Supervising Architect under Louis A. Simon , of the United States Treasury Department , and was completed in 1932 .
In 1919 , he was granted a local salute of 19-guns , and represented India at a League of Nations conference in Geneva in 1921 .
Meanwhile , the UK Independence Party lost its sole councillor in Scotland on Fife Council .
Gore was one of only three Democratic senators from the former Confederate States of America states who did not sign the 1956 Southern Manifesto opposing integration , the others being Senate Majority Leader Lyndon B. Johnson of Texas ( who was not asked to sign ) , and Tennessee 's other Senator , Estes Kefauver .
In 1953 , Frank Chodorov founded ISI as the Intercollegiate Society of Individualists , with a young Yale University graduate .
Karl Ludwig von Haller ( 1 August 1768 - 20 May 1854 ) was a Switzerland jurist .
Recently , the Flemish liberal party faced several high-ranking elected officials breaking away in order to found new " right-liberal " parties : MEP Ward Beysen ( Liberaal Appèl , LA ) , senator Leo Govaerts ( Veilig Blauw ) , senator Hugo Coveliers ( VLOTT ) , VLD board member Boudewijn Bouckaert ( Cassadra vzw ) and senator Jean-Marie Dedecker ( Lijst Dedecker , LDD ) .
340. and four ( 1991 Singaporean general election ) .Turnbull , p .
The Wisconsin Democratic primary , held on the same day in conjunction with the Republican primary , yielded a win for Bernie Sanders , who defeated nationwide frontrunner Hillary Clinton by 13 percentage points .
In addition , multiple polls predicted a double-digit two-party swing at the 2015 Canning by-election against the Abbott Government , which may have sparked a realisation in the Abbott Government that a lack of voter support was becoming entrenched .
On 7 July 2008 , ÖVP leader Wilhelm Molterer declared that he could not continue to work with the SPÖ ( the precise words with which he opened the news conference were " That 's enough ! , " " Es reicht ! " ) .
In the mid-1980s , there was an increase in the number of asylum seeker s from countries such as Iran and Sri Lanka .
FLETC has oversight and program management responsibilities for the International Law Enforcement Academies ( ILEA ) in Gaborone , Botswana , San Salvador , El Salvador , and Lima , Peru .
Throughout the conference , Roosevelt 's attention was prominently focused on the Pacific War front and he faulted the British for what he felt was not a full commitment against Empire of Japan entrenchment .
He served as Deputy Counsel to President Richard M. Nixon from 1969-70 , and assisted both Nixon and Ronald Reagan in their presidential campaigns .
Mapai evolved from the socialist Poale Zion movement and adhered to the Socialist Zionist ideology promulgated by Nahum Syrkin and Ber Borochov .
The 1956-57 exodus and expulsions from Egypt was the exodus and expulsion of Egypt 's Mutamassirun , which began during the latter stages of the Suez Crisis in Gamal Abdel Nasser Egypt .
On the right , primary opponents Patrick Buchanan and Alan Keyes withheld endorsements - Buchanan staged a rally for his supporters in nearby Escondido on the eve of the San Diego convention .
Around 1745 , anti- Jacobite sentiment was captured in a verse appended to the song , with a prayer for the success of Field Marshal George Wade ' s army then assembling at Newcastle upon Tyne .
Besides being provided with funds and training by the Kataeb Party and the Al-Tanzim , the Guardians also claimed to have received direct aid from Israel as early as 1974 .
New Jersey banker Garret Hobart was nominated for vice president over Henry Clay Evans of Tennessee .
The legislature is made up of two elements : the Sultan of Selangor and the unicameral Selangor State Legislative Assembly .
She holds a master 's degree in Public and International Affairs , also from the University of Lagos .
In April 2012 a Syrian opposition delegation ( Syrian National Council ) led by Ammar Abdulhamid visited Pristina and promised to recognise Kosovo immediately if they triumph in Syria .
150 guests were randomly invited by the University of Hong Kong and the Lingnan University .
On 13 March 2020 , Peter Dutton , the Minister for Home Affairs , stated that he was infected with COVID-19 and went into isolation in a hospital after having attended a Five Eyes security pact in Washington , D.C. where he met with United States President Donald Trump , United States Attorney General William Barr , and Ivanka Trump .
In 1946 , the Constituent Assembly promulgated a new constitution and the first National Assembly met in 1948 in Nanjing , the Chinese capital .
In 1929 he stood for the Liberal Party at the General Election in the constituency of Cambridge but was unsuccessful .
" Homeland " is an American spy thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa based on the Israeli series " Prisoners of War " ( Original title
The State Security Serviceref group = " Note " ( UDBA or UDSA , Uprava Državne Bezbjednosti or Uprava Državne Sigurnosti ) , was the secret police organization of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
The two original cosponsors ( Members of Congress who signed on when the bill was introduced ) were Patrick Murphy ( D-FL ) and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ( R-FL ) .
They included Rotha Lintorn-Orman ( British Fascists ) , Arnold Leese ( Imperial Fascist League ) , Oswald Mosley ( British Union of Fascists ) , William Joyce and John Beckett ( National Socialist League ) , among others .
Prince Ahmad and Qamaruddin Khan , Hafiz Rahmat Khan , Safdarjung , Intizam-ud-Daula , Nasir Khan the former Subedar of Ghazni and Kabul , Yahya Khan and Ali Muhammad Khan Rohilla were dispatched by Muhammad Shah to command a large army of 75,000 to confront the 12,000 advancing Durrani 's .
Leader Stuart Hughes was elected to East Devon District Council and to Sidmouth Town Council in 1991
The narrative ends in 1956 at the time of Nikita Khrushchev ' s Secret Speech ( " On the Personality Cult and its Consequences " ) .
Pitt now expected a new government to be formed led by Pulteney and dominated by Tories and Patriot Whigs in which he could expect a junior position.Brown p .
The " Memoir " , as it usually known , was not published in Clark 's lifetime ; although used by historians in the 19th century , it was not published in its entirety until 1896 , in William Hayden English ' s " Conquest of the Northwest " .
In the Democratic Party , many people were speculated to run , but many of them declined , including State Senator Colleen Hanabusa , then Senate President Robert Bunda , former Congressman Ed Case ( who ran for U.S. Senate ) , U.S. Congressman Neil Abercrombie , and Hawaii County Mayor Harry Kim .
It was itself replaced by the Electoral ( Amendment ) Act 1969 , which created a new pattern of constituencies for the 19th Dáil ( 1969 Irish general election ) .
The common cause the crisis provided did lead to enough institutional stability to have the British Empire recognize Argentina ( as President James Monroe had the U.S. State Department done in 1822 ) and led to the election of the first President of Argentina .
After completing his education , he practised as an architect in the Caribbean , New York City , and Nigeria .
When Zhang returned to Chang 'an and praised An , Emperor Xuanzong promoted An to be the commandant at Ying Prefecture and the commander of Pinglu Army , to defend against the Khitan , the Xi , Balhae , and the Heishui Mohe .
Henry Hastings Sibley was born in Detroit , where his parents , Solomon Sibley ( 1769-1846 ) , a native of Sutton , Massachusetts , and Sarah Whipple ( Sproat ) Sibley had moved in 1798 .
In March , Jahan Shah surged into Georgia with 20,000 troops , destroyed the city of Samshvilde and sacked the capital city Tbilisi .
The Yugoslav Army maintained two official defense plans , one against a NATO invasion and one against a Warsaw Pact invasion .
Giles attended Prince Edward Academy , now Hampden-Sydney College , and the College of New Jersey now Princeton University ; he probably followed Samuel Stanhope Smith , who was teaching at Prince Edward Academy when he was appointed President of the College in 1779 .
He earned a Doctor of Ministry at Palmer Theological Seminary , and became a minister and professor at Eastern University , as well as a leader of advocacy for faith-based initiatives .
Known as a " strong Union man " prior to the war , his sympathies switched to the Confederate States of America once the war began .
The Marxist parties that were junior partners of the coalition had broken with the dominant Sri Lanka Freedom Party over the issue of paddy lands .
His deputy , Senator Ike Ekweremadu , emerged after a tightly contested election .
By the time they arrived in February 1815 , news of Andrew Jackson ' s overwhelming victory at the Battle of New Orleans , and the signing of the Treaty of Ghent , preceded them and , consequently , their presence in the capital seemed both ludicrous and subversive .
Ralston was credited by the press and civic leaders like Jacob Piatt Dunn for ending the strike.ref name = b1304 / ref name = erj1021 /
In 1972 , the Socialist Party voted to rename itself as Social Democrats , USA ( SDUSA ) by a vote of 73 to 34 at its December Convention ; its National Chairmen were Bayard Rustin , a peace and civil-rights leader , and Charles S. Zimmerman , an officer of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union ( ILGWU ) .
She also traveled to Europe to record how Germany , Austria , and Czechoslovakia were faring under Nazism and how Russia was faring under Communism .
This was a troubled time in Vietnam 's history as the Hồ dynasty in 1400 finally displaced the Trần dynasty and set about reforming the empire .
The " Estado Novo " , greatly inspired by conservative and autocratic ideologies , was developed by António de Oliveira Salazar , President of the Council of Ministers of Portugal from 1932 to 1968 , when illness forced him out of office .
On January 21 , 1861 , Florida 's Senate and House seats had become vacant when the State seceded from the Union , subsequently joining the Confederate States of America .
The incumbent Treasurer Judy Baar Topinka , previously the only Republican elected statewide , made an unsuccessful run for Governor rather than stand for re-election .
Wu was the only non- Kuomintang representative of the ROC to the United States .
It greatly increased popular support for Zionism within Jewish communities worldwide , and became a core component of the British Mandate for Palestine , the founding document of Mandatory Palestine , which later became Israel and the Palestinian territories .
In 973 , when he travelled from Prague to Kraków , explorer / historian Abraham ben Jacob crossed Southern Silesia on a road which later became one of the major East / West trading routes .
The Switzerland municipality of Schlieren and the Estonia n municipality of Jõelähtme also have a fleur-de-lis on their coats .
Uyyalawada Narasimha Reddy is depicted as the emperor of the Rayalaseema region of Andhra Pradesh .Sanyukta Thakare , comes to India for business but soon starts to loot , torture the natives , and carry the natural wealth of India back to Britain .
O 'Neill even went as far as calling Ronald Reagan " the most ignorant man who had ever occupied the White House .
The council was run by a Labour administration between 1984 and 2004 , with Sir Dick Knowles as Council Leader from 1984 to 1993 , followed in turn by Theresa Stewart , and Sir Albert Bore .
In a CNN interview with retired- Major General Paul Eaton and Chris Cuomo , Higbie was critical of the use of air power and drone strikes by the Obama administration and argued in support of Trump 's promise to address problems in Iraq with " boots on the ground .
Affiliated politicians include : Alaska Governor Bill Walker , Iowa state senator David Johnson , Greg Orman , and Evan McMullin .
In addition , he was devastated by the death of Ken Oosterbroek , a close friend and colleague who was shot and killed while working in the township of Thokoza .
'Chupeta ' is portrayed by the Colombian actor Juan Pablo Raba in the TV series " El Cartel " as the character of John Mario Martinez ' Pirulito ' and in the second season is portrayed by the Colombian actor Camilo Saenz playing a ' Pirulito ' captured in Brasil after several plastic surgeries .
The American Samoa Community College ( ASCC ) was founded in July 1970 by the American Samoa Department of Education .
After visiting East Berlin during the annual May Day celebration , she felt that the East German government was dealing better with the residual effects of fascism than were the West Germany .
A late entry by amateur architect William Thornton was submitted on January 31 , 1793 , to much praise for its " Grandeur , Simplicity , and Beauty " by Washington , along with praise from Thomas Jefferson .
In the run-up of the 2008 Italian general election ( caused by the break-up of The Olive Tree ) FI , AN and minor parties joined forces and formed The People of Freedom ( PdL ) , which would become a single party in early 2009 .
As the relations between the PDPKS and the KDPS stagnated in the 1980s , the former instead began to cooperate with other allies of the PUK , such as the PKK and the Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan .
The same year , he was a founder of the Anti-Nazi League
On November 1 , 2018 , Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed announced the nomination of Meaza Ashenafi and Solomon Areda Waktolla to the Chief justice and Deputy Chief Justice position of the federal supreme court of Ethiopia respectively in a live , nationwide television broadcast from the Ethiopian Parliament .
In 1996 Roeder , together with other far-right extremists , perpetrated an attack on an exhibition in Erfurt detailing the role of the Wehrmacht in Nazi Germany , for which he was charged with property damage and fined DM -4,500 .
No country of the Austrian monarchy had such a varied ethnic mix as Galicia : Poles , Ruthenians , Germans ( Galician Germans ) , Armenia ns , Jews , Hungarians , Romani people , Lipowaner , etc .
In addition , Deveaux provided technical advice to the more than 70 parliaments in countries where UNDP has projects with those national parliaments , including the parliaments of Guyana , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Bhutan , Cambodia and Turkmenistan .
The show 's intro and outro make use of John Lennon ' s " Imagine , " which has an antireligious theme .
In December 2013 , Tsipras was the first candidate proposed for the position of president of the Commission of the European Union by the European United Left-Nordic Green Left ( GUE / NGL ) .
In April 1865 , the rotunda was the site of a viewing ceremony during the long procession winding through the downtown city streets for assassinated 16th President Abraham Lincoln as later his decorated train traveled through the Northern States back to his home in Springfield , Illinois for burial.ref name = " GSA "
Designed for the outcome of the 2010 Australian federal election , the pendulum works by lining up all of the seats held in Parliament , 72 Australian Labor Party , 72 Coalition , 1 Nationals WA , 1 Australian Greens and 4 independent , according to the percentage point margin on a two candidate preferred basis .
The party favours the model of a social market economy in the tradition of Ludwig Erhard .
Born and raised in Newcastle upon Tyne , England , Tu moved to Hong Kong in 1951 following a period as a missionary in China .
She is also a lecturer at the University of Regensburg .
The incumbent , Richard Eckstrom , was challenged by Drew Theodore , businessman and son of former Lieutenant Governor Nick Theodore .
Following their intervention , PMR General Secretary Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej issued a final order to liquidate all remnants of Jewish nationalism.Crăciun , pp. 177-178 The resolution codifying this was drafted in December by a collective of authors , including Feldman , Ladislau Bányai , Alexandru Moghioroș , Leonte Răutu , and Miron Constantinescu .
After the 2004 European Parliament election in Italy the new party decided not to become a member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party ( ELDR ) or of the European People 's Party , but founded the European Democratic Party ( EDP ) together with the Union for French Democracy .
The General Secretariat of the Council of the European Union , also known as " Council Secretariat " , assists the Council of the European Union , the Presidency of the Council of the European Union , the European Council and the President of the European Council .
The Stadtkirche was renamed as the Unionskirche in 1917 to commemorate the centennial of the union of Lutheran and Reformed Protestants in the Duchy of Nassau in 1817 in the so-called " Nassauische Union , " to form the Evangelische Kirche in Nassau ( Protestant Church in Nassau ) .
Carroll was married secondly to Mary Carter Thompson ( 1847-1899 ) , daughter of Judge Lucas P. Thompson , in April 1877 and had one son .
This coalition held 237 seats in the Diet , and after convincing the Japan New Party and the New Party Sakigake to join , was able to form a government under Morihiro Hosokawa .
Always a rare occurrence in Britain , Stockport was the first such by-election since the 1899 Oldham by-election ; it proved to be the last such by-election , as multi-member constituencies were abolished in 1950 .
His nearest opponent , State Senator Gloria Negrete McLeod , took 34 percent .
As the Soviet Union became more involved in the war after 1941 , this proved even more difficult , and the party split ; the Protestant-dominated Communist Party of Northern Ireland became a separate body , and the party 's southern rump entered the Irish Labour Party ( before being expelled and forming the Irish Workers ' League ) .
Information about the plight of these children was passed to concerned citizens in the NDH capital , Zagreb , one of whom was Diana Budisavljević , an Austrian .
Many of his columns focused on the world 's reaction to the United States ' political actions .
As a Democratic-Republican Party he served as the fifth vice president of the United States under President James Madison from March 1813 until his death in November 1814 .
Because Zaria is north of the rail junction at Kaduna , it has equal rail access to the seaports at Lagos and Port Harcourt .
On 15 February 2020 , " Qiushi " documented a 7 January order by Xi Jinping , China 's leader and General Secretary of the Communist Party at the time , regarding the Covid-19 outbreak at a Politburo Standing Committee meeting .
With 72.62 percent of the popular vote , Utah would prove to be Romney 's strongest state in the 2012 election , and Romney would go on to be 2018 United States Senate election in Utah as a United States Senator from Utah six years later in 2018 United States Senate elections .
The reaction was a split in the Democratic Party that led to the formation of the " States ' Rights Democratic Party " - better known as the Dixiecrat s - led by Strom Thurmond .
General Ayub Khan appointed a Constitution Commission to draft another part of the constitution under Chief Justice Muhammad Shahabuddin .
Emanuel Moravec ( ; 17 April 1893 - 5 May 1945 ) was a Czech army officer and writer who served as the collaborationist Minister of Education of the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia between 1942 and 1945 .
In 2013 , Justin Trudeau chose to give up his seat at the funeral of Nelson Mandela , in deference to Irwin Cotler as representative of the Liberal Party of Canada , because of Cotler 's work for and with Nelson Mandela in fighting apartheid .CTV News Network , " Memorial of Nelson Mandela , " December 10 , 2013 .
The five permanent members of the UN Security Council , each of which has veto power on any UN resolution , are the main victors of World War II or their successor state s : ! -- alphabetical order -- People 's Republic of China ( which replaced the Republic of China ) , France , Russia ( which replaced the Soviet Union ) , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
Had it been approved by 60 % of voters in 60 % of ridings ) , the new electoral system would have been implemented for the 2009 British Columbia general election .
The constituency was created for the 1885 United Kingdom general election by the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 , which split the two-member Salford constituency into three divisions : Salford North , Salford South and Salford West .
In reply , the Ashikaga shogunate sent an embassy led by a monk to express its gratitude .
In 1940 United States presidential election , a total unknown Wendell Willkie at the last minute won over the party , the delegates and was nominated .
In the spring of 1920 , Dzerzhinsky sent Blumkin to the Iranian province of Gilan , on the Caspian Sea , where the Forest Party under the leadership of Mirza Koochak Khan had established a secessionist government called the Persian Socialist Soviet Republic .
A 5 de Outubro de 2014 , o advogado António Marinho e Pinto criou o PDR em Coimbra , após o seu abandono da delegação do Partido da Terra ( MPT ) no Parlamento Europeu , partido pelo qual foi eleito eurodeputado nas Eleições para o Parlamento Europeu de 2014 , com 7,15 % dos votos. exigidas por lei ) , que foram entregues no Tribunal Constitucional a 1 de dezembro de 2014 .
Porfirio Lobo Sosa , popularly known as Pepe Lobo , of the opposition conservative National Party of Honduras was elected to succeed Micheletti .
Bill Clinton 42nd President of the United States and Founder of the Clinton Foundation was the Moderator .
They had several meetings and discussion in Washington , D.C. with President Jimmy Carter and Vice-President George H. W. Bush and in Moscow with Secretaries General Leonid Brezhnev and Mikhail Gorbachev .
The TTRA was introduced on February 9 , 1989 at the 101st Congress , 1989-1990 , and was enacted when signed by President George H. W. Bush on November 28 , 1990 .
Between January 1996 and March 2003 , Boisclair served as Citizenship and Immigration Minister and Social Solidarity Minister under former Premier of Quebec Lucien Bouchard and as Environment Minister under former Premier Bernard Landry .
Despite initial opinion poll leads , the party only gained a single seat , but due to the poor performance of the governing Moderate Party , who lost 23 seats , Löfven was able to form a minority coalition government with the Green Party .
They do not organise electorally in Northern Ireland , respecting the SDLP as their sister party within the Party of European Socialists .
" Pallister visited Lieutenant Governor Janice Filmon on August 12 to officially drop the writ and begin the campaign period .
In 1933 , while working for the Pittsburgh Coal Company in Minneapolis , Dobbs joined the Teamsters .
It was the first time in over 40 years that Virginia voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson ' s victory in 1964 United States presidential election in Virginia .
In 1901-2 he was in close contact with the Independent Labour Party .Wilson , p.75 But the overall effect of the Second Boer War was to drive him back into the academic career he had put on hold in 1898 , resigning his Glasgow chair ( effective from April 1899 ) .
From 8 September 1990 to 30 June 1991 , he was " Chargé d 'affaires " in Zimbabwe ; he was then " Chargé de mission " of the Foreign Ministry from September 1992 to March 23 , 1993 .
Its eighteen signatories were all old-time anti-communist politicians , leaders of the Cao Đài and Hòa Hảo sects , the Nationalist Party of Greater Vietnam and the Việt Quốc parties , and dissenting Catholic groups .
Petkoff argued that there was a sharp difference between the governments of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Néstor Kirchner , and Ricardo Lagos , compared to the governments of Chávez and Fidel Castro , which he characterises as similar .
Since the 1950s however , the party has had only a minor presence , not having elected a member of the Legislative Assembly ( or MLA ) in a general election since 1975 British Columbia general election .
It occurred on May 7 , 1929.Writer , 2001 : 92 Later that year , on August 8 , 1929 , the " Battle of Kellett Street " was waged between rival gangs affiliated with Kate Leigh and Tilly Devine and occurred in Kellett Street , near King 's Cross .
After the February 26 , 1990 elections , the Sandinistas lost and peacefully passed power to the National Opposition Union ( UNO ) , an alliance of 14 opposition parties ranging from the conservative business organization COSEP to Nicaraguan Socialist Party .
He handled Myanmar relations during the Kenji Nagai shooting incident , demanding an investigation and challenging governmental claims.Kyodo News ( 2007 ) .
The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ( SCAF ; " , also Higher Council of the Armed Forces ) is a statutory body of between 20 and 25 senior Egyptian military officers and is headed by Field Marshal Abdul Fatah al-Sisi and Lieutenant General Mohamed Ahmed Zaki .
On December 14 , 2005 , he was confirmed to replace Paddy Ashdown both as the High Representative ( OHR ) & amp ; mdash ; a post created by the 1995 Dayton Agreement & amp ; mdash ; and as the EU 's special representative in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
During the 1849 Texas gubernatorial election , Bell ran on a platform advocating strong frontier defense and support of Texas 's territorial claim to New Mexico .
Farris ' close connection to conservative leaders like Jerry Falwell of the former Moral Majority , Pat Robertson of the Christian Coalition of America and Phyllis Schlafly of the Eagle Forum stirred deep-seated feelings about religion and politics .
His political course resembled that of Wałęsa 's in several key respects , such as the pursuit of closer ties to the European Union and NATO .
On July 14 , Northern Democrats led by Mayor of Minneapolis Hubert Humphrey and Illinois Senator Paul Douglas pushed for the convention to adopt a strong civil rights platform plank and endorse President Truman 's pro-civil rights actions .
In response to the death of Chinese Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo , who died of organ failure while in government custody , Macron praised Liu as " a freedom fighter .
In 1995 , his first wife , Carlotta , had died , and two weeks after his installation in Hanoi he met Vi Le , Australia ' s senior trade commissioner , born in Vietnam , whom he married .
On April 11 , 2016 , Barnes announced that he would resign from the Assembly to launch a primary challenge against Lena Taylor , the Democratic incumbent in Wisconsin State Senate District 4 .
On 11 September the revolution was declared , with the formation of a Revolutionary Committee headed by Colonels Nikolaos Plastiras as representative of the army in Chios , Colonel Stylianos Gonatas as representative of the army in Lesvos and Commander Dimitrios Fokas as representative of the Navy .
Vermeend became a Member of the House of Representatives after Schelto Patijn was appointed as Queen 's Commissioner of South Holland , taking office on 19 June 1984 serving as a frontbencher and spokesperson for Social security and Kingdom Relations .
On February 23 , 2014 , the second day after the flight of Viktor Yanukovich , while in a parliamentary session , a deputy from the " Batkivshchina " party , Vyacheslav Kyrylenko , moved to include in the agenda a bill to repeal the 2012 law " On the principles of the state language policy .
The Second International ( 1888-1916 ) became divided over the issue of World War I .
He obtained a Master of Public Policy from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard .
At age 10 , he joined the youth movement HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed .
Lyle Franklin Lane was the first Chief of the Interests Section in Havana .
On 20 November , students at the flagship University of Zimbabwe gathered outside exam venues , declaring that they would not write exams until Mugabe had resigned as president .
Following a White Paper in 1963 , the British Privy Council approved a new constitution for the British Solomon Islands on 25 September 1964 , replacing the 1960 constitution .
In Doris Fisher , Dr. Louis Glass and Wallace Lawler the three major parties all picked candidates who were members of the local council .
Since assuming office of the premier , Gillani was planning to visit neighbouring Afghanistan , but some unresolved issues like absence of a joint platform to discuss bilateral issues , border conflicts , and different views on the war on terror prevented the trip .
In 2010 Delingpole won the Bastiat Prize for Online Journalism for his " Telegraph " blog , a $ 3,000 prize awarded by the free-market International Policy Network for " work that promotes ' the principles and institutions of the free society ' " ; Damian Thompson , the " Telegraphs blog editor , linked receipt of the award to the impact of Delingpole 's posts on the Climatic Research Unit email controversy .
She unveiled them in Ottawa .
Artabazos was at first supported by Chares , an Athens general , and his mercenaries , whom he rewarded very generously .
Mate Boban ( ; 12 February 1940 - 7 July 1997 ) was a Bosnian Croat politician and one of the founders of the Croatian Republic of Herzeg-Bosnia , an unrecognized entity within Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Streicker is a professional engineer , and lectures at Yukon College .
He inspired a younger colleague , St John Philby , while Hubert Young , a favoured subordinate , found him domineering .
The Economic Management Council was a cabinet subcommittee of senior ministers formed to co-ordinate the response to the Irish financial crisis and the government 's dealings with the troika of the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
Alaska Governor Steve Cowper authorized the creation of the Alaska Oil Spill Commission in 1989 to examine the causes of the Exxon Valdez oil spill and issue recommendations on potential policy changes .
After he was deposed , the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and the Kingdom of Sardinia were merged into the newly formed Kingdom of Italy .
From 1 December 1939 until 23 June 1940 he was deputy of Minister Kazimierz Sosnkowski in the government of Władysław Sikorski .
Frederick was born on 3 June 1843 in the Yellow Palace in Copenhagen as Prince Frederick of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg , a junior male line of the House of Oldenburg , which was descended from Christian III of Denmark and which had ruled as non-sovereign dukes in Schleswig-Holstein for eight generations , including Frederick 's grandfather .
Thailand fought against Vichy France over the disputed areas from October 1940 to May 1941 .
Some of the leaders of the Confessing Church , such as Martin Niemöller or Heinrich Grüber , were sent to Nazi concentration camps .
The first candidates to officially declare their candidacies were Ian Boucard for The Republicans , Christophe Grudler for the MoDem and La République En Marche ! ( REM ) , Yves Fontanive for Lutte Ouvrière ( LO ) , and Jonathan Vallart for the Popular Republican Union ( UPR ) , with Jean-Raphaël Sandri invested again by the National Front .
Constancia Mangue Nsue Okomo ( born 20 August 1951 ) , is the First Lady of Equatorial Guinea .
This line of demarcation was about halfway between the Cape Verde islands ( already Portuguese ) and the islands entered by Christopher Columbus on his first voyage ( claimed for Castile and León ) , named in the treaty as Cipangu and Antilia ( Cuba and Hispaniola ) .
It was this typhoon that came to be called the " Kamikaze " ( " Divine Wind " ) , and was the origin of the term Kamikaze used to indicate suicide attacks by military aviators of the Empire of Japan against Allies of World War II naval vessels during World War II .
A graduate of Sophia University , she was best known for her research into the history of Japan-Philippines relations , as well as aiding in the development of Japanese studies in the Philippines as a separate academic discipline .
Poland was going to cooperate militarily with Sweden and be rewarded in the end with the Duchy of Prussia , possibly also some acquisitions in Silesia .
Set in the ancient city of Corinth , Greece , it features a libretto by François-Benoît Hoffman and is based on Euripides ' s tragic play " Medea " and Pierre Corneille ' s play " Médée " .
At the same time , there is evidence that Stelescu questioned Codreanu 's unconditional support for Nazi Germany ( to which he preferred Italian fascism ) .Veiga , p.229 , 230 According to Grigore Traian Pop , who cites another piece of writing by Stelescu , this was not the case , Stelescu having become an adversary of both Nazism and Italian fascism .
Afterwards , he obtained a position in the Prussia n civil service .
.In 1994 he graduated from the Kyiv National University of Construction and Architecture as a civil engineer .
Staff took part in establishing the Provisional Government of Oregon , a settler organization based in the Willamette Valley .
Notable figures included , Errico Malatesta , Luigi Galleani , Amilcare Cipriani , Andrea Costa and Filippo Turati .
The DFLP ran a candidate , Taysir Khalid , in the Palestinian Authority 2005 Palestinian presidential election in 2005 .
This plan was proposed by Martin Tett , leader of the county council , and is backed by the former Communities Secretary James Brokenshire .
He then studied jurisprudence at the University of Bonn from 1881 to 1884 .
Congressman Alcala is supported by his ally , PDP-Laban local president , Vitaliano Aguirre II .
Others , tending to be based in London , left to form the Socialist Party of Great Britain in 1904 .
They provided for a sustained defense in an attack until the League of Nations would intervene .
The reshuffle had long been demanded by Fayyad as well as members of Abbas 's Fatah faction .
151. was a writer and abolitionist from , according to his memoir , the Eboe region of the Kingdom of Benin ( today southern Nigeria ) .
Several members had supported the formation of the German Fatherland Party in 1917 , now most of its constituency turned to the newly established German National People 's Party while some also joined the national liberal German People 's Party .
The Tsardom of Russia and Sweden , which had long been active enemies of Poland , renewed their attacks .
He wholeheartedly engaged in Acción Española the alliance was dominated by Alfonsinos , with only Pradera and Rodezno representing Carlism , Orella Martínez 2012 , p .
Previously , Andrews served in the Howard Government as the Minister for Ageing , Minister for Employment and Workplace Relations , and then the Minister for Immigration and Citizenship until the 2007 Australian federal election where his party lost government .
On February 27 , 2019 , Chin became a figure of criticism after former Attorney General Jody Wilson-Raybould accused him , among others , of applying inappropriate pressure to a decision regarding a deferred prosecution agreement for Quebec contractor SNC-Lavalin .
Ross Perot , who had won 18.9 % of the popular vote as an independent candidate in the 1992 election , ran as the candidate of the Reform Party of the United States of America .
He was the son of Texas Revolution general Thomas Jefferson Green , the grandson of U.S. Senator Jesse Wharton , and the cousin of Confederate general Matt Whitaker Ransom .
Following the election of the Second Labour Government he was appointed by Prime Minister Walter Nash as New Zealand 's High Commissioner to Australia in 1958 .
He supports vetoing any attempt to spend money to fund Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers along with taking away the power of the Supreme Court to preside over the matter via recommendation and collaboration with Congress .
After the accession of the House of Oldenburg to the Danish throne in 1448 , the coronations were held in St. Mary 's Cathedral in Copenhagen , and usually performed by the Bishop of Zealand .
Warners gave her the choice role of Mildred Rogers in a new version of Somerset Maugham ' s " Of Human Bondage " ( 1946 ) ; although director Edmund Goulding called Parker one of the five greatest actresses in America ,
Population of Bohemia and Moravia , the Czech Socialist Republic and Czech Republic to ethnic group 1921-1991
Other clock makers with work in the collection include : Thomas Tompion , Benjamin Lewis Vulliamy , John Ellicott and William Carpenter .
In 1982 he was elected governor of his home state of Tabasco , taking office on 1 January 1983 ; he left the governorship in 1987 when President Carlos Salinas de Gortari called on him to head the PRI 's Political , Economic and Social Studies Institute ( IEEPS ) .
That official , Song Jian , along with several associates , determined that the ideal population of China was 700
There he became an active supporter of the Communist Party of Germany and became involved with the November Group .
He was delivered to Görlitz prison to join Jack Grisman , Ian Cross , Sandy Gunn , Al Hake and others in the cells.Vance ( 2000 ) , p.245 During interrogation he was almost certainly one of the men warned that he would be shot.Read ( 2012 ) , p.222Vance ( 2000 ) , p.254
From 1939 to 1942 , Sanger was an honorary delegate of the Birth Control Federation of America , which included a supervisory role - alongside Mary Lasker and Clarence Gamble - in the Negro Project , an effort to deliver information about birth control to poor black people.Engelman , p .
In that scene , a detective , Tom Walsh ( Gary Swanson ) , while arresting a pimp named ' Ramrod ' ( Wings Hauser ) , puts his gun up to the side of Ramrod 's mouth and says " Come on scumbag , make your move ... and make my day ! .
Rajapaksa , who was 2005 Sri Lankan presidential election for a 6-year term in November 2005 , was the candidate of the ruling United People 's Freedom Alliance .
Despite being born in the central region that became , in October 1949 , the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) , her adult life and political career were conducted in West Germany where she served as a member of parliament ( " " Bundestag Mitglied " " ) between 1976 and 1987 .
The rally in Belgrade , at Ušće ( the large field at confluence of Sava River into Danube ) was held on November 19 , 1988 .
He was soon persuaded to join the Cabinet of Sir John A. Macdonald , leading to the movement 's collapse ( 1869 ) .
They defeated Democratic nominees , incumbent Democratic President Woodrow Wilson and Vice President Thomas R. Marshall .
César would later scheme against the crown against Cardinal Richelieu in the Fronde with their younger half-brother Gaston .
The board president is Academy Award-winning producer Bruce Cohen , and the treasurer is Michele Reiner .
Prominent MPS members who advanced to policy positions included the late Chancellor Ludwig Erhard of West Germany , President Luigi Einaudi of Italy , Chairman Arthur F. Burns of the Federal Reserve Board and Secretary of State George Shultz .
Baykal subsequently resigned as leader and Altan Öymen was elected in his place .
The entry into electoral politics of Sinn Féin ( SF ) became a significant issue in the run up to the elections .
The area was the homeland of the Manchus , including the emperors of the Qing dynasty .
The party lost its four seats in the 2008 Meghalaya Legislative Assembly election , was unable to win any seats in the 2013 Meghalaya Legislative Assembly election and did not field any candidates in the 2018 Meghalaya Legislative Assembly election .
The " Polish Operation " of the NKVD ( Soviet Union security service ) in 1937-1938 was a mass operation of the NKVD carried out in the Soviet Union against Poles ( labeled by the Soviets as " agents " ) during the period of the Great Purge .
Prior to 1840 , besides what he had discovered during his trip to Europe , Gray 's knowledge of the flora of the American West was limited to what he could learn from Edwin James , who had been on the expedition to the West of Major Stephen Harriman Long , and from Thomas Nuttall , who had been on an expedition to the Pacific coast with Nathaniel Jarvis Wyeth .
Sun Quan 's forces , led by Zhou Yu and Cheng Pu , pressed on their attack and besieged Cao Ren in Nan Commandery.ref group = " Sanguozhi " ( 是歲 ， 又與周瑜 、 程普等西破曹公於烏林 ， 圍曹仁於南郡 。 ) " Sanguozhi " vol .
Sultan Muhammad V of Morocco , who was a de facto prisoner of the colonial administration , though he had made no public gesture of sympathy toward Nazi Germany , and had protected Moroccan Jews from antisemitic policies , received confirmation from President Franklin D. Roosevelt at the Casablanca Conference of January 1943 , that the US would support the independence of Morocco when the war was over .
He is currently Prime Counsellor for the International Forum for Justice and Peace , a foundation under Dutch law , registered at the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam .
An election for Kildare County Council was held in 1899 as part of the wider 1899 Irish local elections .
Inspired by his brother 's successful election in 1978 , Street made his initial foray into elected politics in 1979 , when he challenged incumbent Fifth District Councilman Cecil B. Moore .
In the parliamentary elections of 2000 Greek legislative election and 2004 Greek legislative election , and in the intervening local elections , Ecologists Greece formed an alliance with the Democratic Social Movement ( DIKKI ) , the Agro Party ( PAEKE ) and others .
To everyone 's surprise , Bracks won the 1999 Victorian state election , Labor made inroads towards same-sex equality in Victoria .
Union of Greens and Farmers ( political alliance in Latvia .
Along with his wife and business partner Adryana Cortez , Courrielche created , produced , and wrote a semi-scripted 2010 series of global warming debates between global warming proponents and skeptics , and moderated by comedians Sarah Silverman , Andy Samberg , Jamie Kennedy , Tracy Morgan , and singer Mark McGrath .Johnson , Ted ( July 31 , 2010 ) Variety .
" Reines remained involved in former Al Gore public activities after Gore left office in 2001 , going on to serve as Gore 's teaching assistant and de facto spokesperson at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , when Gore taught the course " Covering National Affairs in the Information Age , " in spring 2001.Horowitz , Jason ( June 12 , 2011 ) .
In another display of power , in 1952 Perez convinced Lucille May Grace , the register of state lands , to question the patriotism of Congressman Hale Boggs .
In 2011 he joined Republican Proposal and worked at the successful 2015 Argentine general election presidential campaign of Mauricio Macri .
In a historic pro-democracy landslide in 2019 Hong Kong local elections , the group won four seats in the Yuen Long District Council .
Tensions with the English-speaking countries of North America became especially tense once Charles de Gaulle became president in 1958 .
During the Yalta Conference of 1945 , Soviet leader Joseph Stalin pledged to enter the fight against the Empire of Japan " in two or three months after Germany has surrendered and the war in Europe is terminated .
On February 23 , 2016 , T.I. announced he joined subscription-based music streaming service TIDAL , as an artist-owner , making him the 19th of his kind , and in company with artists such as J. Cole , Beyoncé , Kanye West , Nicki Minaj , Rihanna , Lil Wayne , Daft Punk , Madonna and of course , Jay Z .
The Socialists , the Left Bloc , the Portuguese Communist Party and the Greens started negotiations to form a left-wing majority coalition government .
Under the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 , the constituency was abolished for the 1885 United Kingdom general election , when it was largely replaced by the new single-member constituency of Warwick and Leamington .
The Authority has a Board comprising a Chair and eight permanent members : Dr Wendy Craik ( Chair ) , Stuart Allinson ( Acting Chair ) , Kate Carnell AO , Professor David Karoly , Professor John Quiggin , Professor Clive Hamilton , The Hon. John Sharp , Alan Finkel and Danny Price .
In the United States , the phrases turkeys voting for Thanksgiving ( that being the holiday when turkey is more commonly served ) and chickens voting for Colonel Sanders are often used .
In the participation in the 2007 Hong Kong Chief Executive election of Alan Leong , the League of Social Democrats refused to co-operate with the Democratic Party and the Civic Party and criticised the two parties for nominating Leong as Chief Executive candidate , saying that they are not qualified as democrats .
Irish annals record the siege of Edinburgh , thought to have been the royal stronghold of the Gododdin , in 638 , and this seems to mark the end of the kingdom ; that this siege was undertaken by Oswald is suggested by the apparent control of the area by his brother Oswiu in the 650s.Stancliffe , " Oswald , " p .
The Jamaat-e-Islami Pakistan was founded on 26 August 1941 in Lahore , the party was founded by Abul Ala Maududi , a Muslim theologian , and philosopher .
He played for Yugoslavia as a goalkeeper in the 1956 and 1960 Olympics , winning silver in the former and gold in the latter. when Yugoslavia finished second .
" The PSL blames the reforms initiated by Mikhail Gorbachev for the fall of the Soviet Union .
Indumil is one of two companies that produce the IMI Galil rifles outside Israel , the other being Denel of South Africa .
The trial surfaced again in the news in 2000 , when former first lady Hillary Clinton ran for U.S. Senate in the state of New York .
The latter had taken up positions in Friesland and Groningen to guard against a landing from the Wadden Sea or an incursion from the East .
Between 27 and 29 March , Griffith , the South Australian Charles Kingston and Edmund Barton from New South Wales finalised the draft constitution while cruising on the Hawkesbury River .
Farion publicly advocates the memory of Stepan Bandera , .
Historian Hrvoje Klasić from the Zagreb Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences stated that " Za dom spremni " as a phrase has not been documented in any historical document prior to the 1941 formation of the Independent State of Croatia .
Young European Socialists ( YES ) , formerly the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth ( ECOSY ) , is an association of social-democratic youth organisations in Europe and the European Union .
The United States backed and supported the Fatherland and Liberty which funded and attempted the first coup of Allende 's regime known as Tanquetazo .
Native of Xintai , Shandong , Wang joined the Communist Party of China in 1938 .
At the same time , incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Mitch McConnell , who also served as Senate Minority Leader at the time , was just narrowly reelected with 52.97 % of the vote to Democrat Bruce Lunsford ' s 47.03 % .
In 1996 , the riding was expanded to include the part of the Thorold lying east of the Welland Canal .
He established the capital in Luoyang ( later moved to Chang 'an ) and instated his official spouse Lü Zhi as the empress and their son Liu Ying as the crown prince .
But the significant gainer was Mufti Mohammad Syed ' s Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP ) winning 16 seats for the first time .
While at the Bay of Kotor , Deroko found out that Draža Mihailović is hiding out somewhere in the western part of Serbia and Deroko tried to contact him .
He developed Chilean theater by directing a broad array of works , ranging from locally produced plays to world classics , as well as the experimental work of playwrights such as Ann Jellicoe .
The People 's Republic of China allegedly gave logistical aid to the Communist Party of Burma ( CPB ) during the communist insurgency in Myanmar , in support of the party 's Marxist-Leninist-Maoist ideology .
According to the Rust family history , Rust introduced something labeled a compromise resolution , which " New York Tribune " newspaperman Horace Greeley characterized Rust 's as an attempt to make it appear that the contest over the speakership was about personal rivalries among the candidates and not about principles .
She was initially scheduled to face Ted Doran , a Port Orange attorney in the Democratic primary , but at the last minute , Governor Lawton Chiles persuaded Doran to run in the 27th District instead .
In keeping with the trend of railways to exploit virgin territories , the government-backed " transcon " would run from the port of Prince Rupert , British Columbia , across the northern portion of the prairies to Winnipeg , and from there across northern Ontario and Quebec to Quebec City where it would cross the St. Lawrence River and continue on to its eastern terminus at Moncton , by way of a route directly across central New Brunswick .
The election campaign was overshadowed by allegations of planned electoral fraud , irregularities and the controversial involvement of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in the electoral process .
Nematullah of Janata Dal defeated Ram Pravesh Rai of BJP in 1995 .
Hamon was then appointed Minister of National Education in Manuel Valls ' new government .
The longest-serving member was William McWilliams who held the seat in two separate terms for over 20 years .
The Rojava conflict , also known as the Rojava revolution , is a political upheaval and military conflict taking place in Northern Syria , known among Kurdish nationalists as Western Kurdistan or Rojava .
" German Chancellor Angela Merkel added that " everyone must stick to the things we have agreed .
6 of its 30 Central Committee members , including Szeto Wah and Lau Chin-shek , were leaders of the major independent unions , namely the Hong Kong Professional Teachers ' Union ( PTU ) and the Hong Kong Christian Industrial Committee ( CIC ) respectively .
He was elected Member of Parliament for Farnworth at the 1970 United Kingdom general election .
Today , Jean-Pierre Brard is the party 's only parliamentarian and the party is active only in the Val-de-Marne and Haute-Vienne .
Republican Rob Portman won the open seat .
Seats were allocated to constituencies , corresponding to the provinces of La Coruña , Lugo , Orense and Pontevedra , with each being allocated a fixed number of seats : 22 for La Coruña , 15 for Lugo , 15 for Orense and 19 for Pontevedra .
He was chair of the Democratic Party of Oregon ' s President 's Council and a member of the Barack Obama for President Oregon Finance Committee. and is a co-founder of the Los Angeles-based Liberty Hill Foundation .. Retrieved 2 February 2017 .
He was again endorsed by the Japanese Communist Party , the Social Democratic Party .
Reid continued to support Labour up until the 1997 United Kingdom general election , but thereafter became disillusioned with the New Labour phenomenon .
Eide served as Norway 's Minister of Defense in Stoltenberg 's Second Cabinet from 11 November 2011 to 21 September 2012 , He is also member of the boards of Stockholm International Peace Research Institute and the Norwegian Institute of International Affairs ( NUPI ) .
Fleur Hassan-Nahoum was born in London , UK , and grew up in Gibraltar .
Incumbent Democratic Party Mayor Dan Clodfelter has been in office since April 2014 .
Other speakers included Bob Dole , Elizabeth Dole , Arizona junior senator John McCain , Jeane Kirkpatrick and former President Gerald Ford .
Mitre also supported former Unitarian Party leader Rufino de Elizalde and his running mate General Wenceslao Paunero , a key figure in Mitre 's victory at the Battle of Pavón .
The Assembly of Melilla was the top-tier administrative and governing body of the autonomous city of Melilla .
In early 1837 , Houston decreed Henderson as minister from the Republic of Texas to France at the Tuileries Palace , and to England at the Court of St. James 's .
Black International was the name of a London anarchist group founded in July 1881 .
She represents the riding of St. John 's West in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly as a Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador .
In 2015 , Katanga Province was split into the constitutional provinces of Tanganyika , Haut-Lomami , Lualaba , and Haut-Katanga .
He was a founding member of the board of trustees of Bob Jones University and a personal friend of the founder , evangelist Bob Jones , Sr. Bibb Graves died in Sarasota , Florida while preparing for another gubernatorial campaign .
Affidavits of Romulo Neri and Jose de Venecia III supported the complaint .
Xu Zongheng ( ; born July 1955 ) was the mayor of Shenzhen , Guangdong , China from June 2005 to June 2009 .
The Cockburn tribute during the awards included taped testimonials from U2 's Bono , Jackson Browne , Cowboy Junkies ' Margo Timmins , and Midnight Oil ' s Peter Garrett .
The aphorism is found in the Second Epistle of Paul the Apostle ( with Silvanus and Timothy ) to the Thessaloniki ( 3 : 10 ) , in which Paul writes :
Known for inciting patriotic rebellion among the Philippines clergy , he was also a political activist who became acquainted with Isabelo de los Reyes , who would start an Independent Christian Filipino Church named after Aglipay in 1902 .
After successfully defending her seat in the 2013 Malaysian general election , Nancy was appointed as Minister in the Prime Minister 's Department in the new Cabinet of Malaysia announced by then Prime Minister of Malaysia , Najib Razak .
In England , in the anarcho-punk scene , Andy Martin of The Apostles was equally forthright .
Parliamentary elections were held in Cyprus on 8 December 1985 .
Jews for Israeli-Palestinian Peace ( ) , abbreviated as JIPF , is a group founded by Swedish Jews in 1982 in Stockholm , Sweden , after the Israeli invasion of Lebanon .
May Day in Kreuzberg refers to the street festivals and demonstrations organized by left-wing and far-left groups on May 1 , International Workers ' Day , in the Berlin district of Kreuzberg .
Pipes has praised Mustafa Kemal Atatürk in Turkey and the Sudanese thinker Mahmoud Mohamed Taha .. " Uncommon Knowledge " .
Frank helped then-Chief Counsel for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund , Thurgood Marshall , formulate strategy in the school desegregation case of " Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka " ( 1954 ) .
In 1941 the Axis powers invaded Yugoslavia and in the aftermath the Independent State of Croatia ( which included the whole of today 's Bosnia and Herzegovina and parts of Serbia ( Eastern Syrmia ) as well ) was declared .
" New York City : Vintage , 2009 .
In 1956 , he married Jane Gordon Hastings , a Scottish model , and the couple had one son , Damian Aspinall .
At present , Paschal Donohoe is Minister for Finance and Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform , while Leo Varadkar is Taoiseach and Minister for Defence .
He is commonly compared to Russian President Vladimir Putin due to their shared love and experience in the Judo sport .
He won the challenge , and Santos subsequently ran and was elected in the new division of Wellington .Doug Nairne , " MLA leaves safe riding for run at Liberals ' , " " Winnipeg Free Press " , 27 April 1999 , A5 .
In 1906 United Kingdom general election he was elected Labour MP for Newton , Lancashire .
Cappon subsequently moved to Montreal , Quebec , where he founded the Montreal General Hospital ' s Centre for Nuclear Disarmament and Community Health and worked at McGill University .Graham Fraser , " Johnson considering A-arms referendums , " " The Globe and Mail " , 12 November 1985 , A4 ; Lawrence Martin , " Canadians do their part to produce open minds , " " The Globe and Mail " , 11 May 1987 , A7 .
In January 1985 Kretschmer was transferred to the Stasi detention centre at Chemnitz in preparation for his release to West Germany .
Angered by the Altmark Incident , Adolf Hitler the next day ordered the invasion of Norway .
In Sanghar District , a violent clash occurred between Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) and Grand Democratic Alliance ( GDA ) party members .
Davis suffered one of the worst losses in the Democratic Party 's history , taking just 29 percent of the vote against Republican President Calvin Coolidge and third party candidate Robert M. La Follette .Kazin ( 2006 ) , pp. 283-285
The seat 's first MP was Peter Lilley , a former Secretary of State for various government departments in the Major ministry in the 1990s , who had previously represented St Albans from 1983-1997 .
The Indonesians began preparations to host the conference in Madiun .
Kamal Nath took oath on 17 December 2018 as new Chief Minister Of Madhya Pradesh and with this , INC came back to the power in State after 15 years .
Senator John McCain , his opponent in the 2008 Presidential Election , has said that Obama was wrong to oppose the surge , pointing to the decreased levels of the violence that Obama said the surge would raise .
Chief influences here include cultural studies ( Stuart Hall ) , post-structuralism ( Michel Foucault , Judith Butler ) , pragmatism ( Luc Boltanski ) , structuration theory ( Anthony Giddens ) , and cultural sociology ( Jeffrey C. Alexander ) .
The United States Senate elections of 1794 and 1795 were elections that had the formation of organized political parties in the United States , with the Federalist Party emerging from the Pro Administration coalition , and the Democratic-Republican Party emerging from the Anti-Administration coalition .
The struggles led to a major battle , the Battle of Grunwald of 1410 , but there was also the milestone Peace of Thorn of 1466 under King Casimir IV Jagiellon ; the treaty created the future Duchy of Prussia .
Some 904,000 of 2.1 million registered voters in the four constituencies cast their ballots with the turnout rate of 43 per cent , 15 per cent lower than the 2016 Hong Kong legislative election .
The governorate bordered Bessarabia Governorate to the west , with Kiev and Poltava Governorate s to the north , to the east could be found Yekaterinoslav Governorate , and in the southward direction was located Taurida Governorate .
In the early 1950s , the People 's Republic of China and the Soviet Union were the two largest Communist states in the world .
The party considered becoming an apolitical lobby-group , but led by its General Secretary , Murray Smith , who had instigated discussions with Peter Dunne , the leader of United New Zealand and the holder of a " safe " constituency seat , the party decided to explore a coalition with United New Zealand instead .
José Agustinho da Silva is an East Timor ese politician and a member of the Kmanek Haburas Unidade Nasional Timor Oan ( KHUNTO ) political party .
By 1993 , TAROM had introduced long-haul flights to Montreal and Bangkok using Ilyushin Il-62 and Airbus A310 aircraft .
He serves on the World Justice Project and the Climate Leadership Council .
Cal Ripken , Jr , Al Gore , Denzel Washington , Carl Bernstein , Halle Berry , Martin Sheen , Marilyn Monroe , Nancy Reagan and Oprah Winfrey .
During this controversial visit , she met with President Fidel Castro , with whom the United States government had no formal diplomatic relations .
In September 2000 , three Quebec PC MPs , fearful of their re-election prospects under Clark 's leadership , crossed the floor shortly before the federal election to sit as Liberal Party of Canada MPs , leaving Bachand as the only remaining PC MP in Quebec .
After this merged into the Hashomer Hatzair Workers Party , and then Mapam , he was amongst the leaders of the new party .
Stockholm and Kalmar , with large Hanseatic populations , also welcomed the intervention .
In 1989 she was a teaching assistant at the Terry College of Business .
This strategy is now followed by François Bayrou and the Democratic Movement ( MoDem ) , a centrist party .
Nandy was born in a Bengali Christian family at Bhagalpur , Bihar , in 1937 .
The referendum was announced by Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras in the early morning of 27 June 2015 and ratified the following day by the Parliament and the President .
Also in a leadership position amongst the militants was the group 's occasional spokesman LaVoy Finicum , another Mormon , who owned a ranch at Cane Beds , in the Arizona Strip , near the community of Colorado City , Arizona .
In October 2016 , Harlos challenged the Colorado " ballot selfie " law in a lawsuit against Colorado Secretary of State Wayne W. Williams , Attorney General of Colorado Cynthia Coffman , and District Attorney of Denver Mitchell R. Morrissey over its constitutionality .
Urdu translation is done in 1843 at Mirzapur , Uttar Pradesh , after Pfander arrived India .
Louisiana became a U.S. state just one and a half months before the U.S. Congress declared war upon United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland .
On 15 March 1879 , towards the end of his time as an MP , John Hick along with C.D. Abel , Colonel Frederick Beaumont ( 1833-1899 ) Liberal MP for South Durham 1868-1880 , F. Bolton , Alexander Brogden JP ( 1825-1892 ) of John Brogden and Sons , Liberal MP 1868-1885 for Wednesbury , J.T. Jones and J. Turay registered the Aqueous Works and Diamond Rock-boring Company ( Limited ) , Crown Works , Guildford Street , York Road , Lambeth .
Sir Winston Churchill ( 1874-1965 ) , Clement Attlee ( 1883-1967 ) , Anthony Eden ( 1897-1977 ) and Harold Macmillan ( 1894-1986 ) all lived under the six reigns of Victoria , Edward VII , George V , Edward VIII , George VI and Elizabeth II .
Tiger 131 is a Nazi Germany Tiger I heavy tank captured by the British 48th Royal Tank Regiment in Tunisia during World War II .
After the Nazi take-over of Danzig in Autumn 1939 she also set up a resistance group in the Free City of Danzig .
Despite winning a parliamentary majority , the CPP chose to form a coalition with the royalist FUNCINPEC , which won 2 seats .
In 1988 , she was named Cabinet Secretary of Education by Republican Governor of Oklahoma Henry Bellmon .
Notable critics included J. Bradford DeLong , Paul Krugman , Alice Rivlin , Michael Hudson , and Willem Buiter .
NJ Transit offers the 315 inter-city bus route that runs through the town three times a day and shuttles people to and from Philadelphia , and the 319 route to the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Midtown Manhattan .
Bandy had been played as a demonstration sport at the Oslo Winter Olympics in 1952 , then only played by Finland , Norway and Sweden , and in 1955 these three countries and the Soviet Union founded the Federation of International Bandy .
It is found in the Republic of Macedonia , Greece .
6 Both his paternal grandfather , John Quincy Adams , and great-grandfather , John Adams , one of the most prominent among the Founding Fathers , had been U.S. Presidents ; his maternal grandfather , Peter Chardon Brooks , was a millionaire ; and another great-grandfather , Nathaniel Gorham , signed the Constitution .
However the Welsh Labour - Liberal Democrat Assembly coalition rebuffed these proposals , with Assembly housing spokesman Peter Black stating that " we can not frame our planning laws around the Welsh language , " adding " Nor can we take punitive measures against second home owners in the way that they propose as these will have an impact on the value of the homes of local people .
In any case the Nationalists , now renamed the United Australia Party ( UAP ) preferred to see Hogan implement the Premiers ' Plan .
Yet , when Napolitano was elected , Silvio Berlusconi gave an interview to one of his political magazines Panorama saying that the UDC betrayed him by letting 60 of his electors cast a blank vote on the first ballot , instead of supporting the official candidate Gianni Letta .
She is a former Minister of Industry , Trade and Supply of the Jordan , assuming the position after a cabinet reshuffle in Abdullah Ensour ' s government on 2 March 2015 .
born 23 December 1949 in The Hague as Elly Kouwenhoven , and now generally known as Els de Groen ) is a Dutch author and politician , who served as a Member of the European Parliament 2004-2009 .
239 Gerry Adams , in a 1988 interview , claimed it was , " vastly preferable " to target the regular British Army as it " removes the worst of the agony from Ireland " and " diffuses the sectarian aspects of the conflict because loyalists do not see it as an attack on their community .
She was also elected President of Inter-Parliamentary Union ( IPU ) , a Geneva -based international organisation at Council 's 165th session in Berlin in 1999 .
Filmed in 1986 in and around Riverside , California , United States , it was shot back to back with " Deadly Prey " as part of the newly formed Action International Pictures .
Horthy entered the Austro-Hungarian " Imperial and Royal Naval Academy " ( k.u.k. Marine-Akademie ) at Fiume ( now Rijeka , Croatia ) at age 14 .
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party , largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party , which came distantly second .
Along with Morris Hillquit , James Oneal , and Algernon Lee , Waldman was recognized as a leader of the SP 's " Old Guard " faction , which favored close working relations with the trade unions of the American Federation of Labor and pursuance of gradual ameliorative reforms leading eventually to socialism rather than cataclysmic revolutionary transformation .
Hosted by comedian Hannibal Buress , it featured singers Janelle Monáe and Ledisi , as well as actor-activists Jesse Williams and Jussie Smollett , amongst others .
The adverts used an excerpt from a jazz rendition of Johann Sebastian Bach ' s Air on the G String , played by Jacques Loussier and his trio , which is still frequently associated with the brand.Brand Strategy .
The Botswana Congress Party ( BCP ) and the Botswana Alliance Movement ( BAM ) formed an electoral alliance and supported each other 's candidates .
P 'yŏnggang Station is a railway station in P 'yŏnggang-ŭp , P 'yŏnggang county , Kangwŏn province , North Korea , on the Kangwŏn Line of the Korean State Railway .
Lucretia Garfield ( " née " Rudolph ; April 19 , 1832 - March 13 , 1918 ) was the First Lady of the United States from March to September 1881 , as the wife of James A. Garfield , the 20th President of the United States .
Al-Mundhir received this letter in January 519 , as he was receiving an embassy from Constantinople seeking to forge a peace between the Roman Empire and al-Ḥīrha.Salo Wittmayer Baron , " A Social and Religious History of the Jews " ( vol .
On March 21 and 28 , 1969 , the Czechoslovakia national ice hockey team beat the Soviet team in the 1969 World Ice Hockey Championships in Stockholm .
" was a coup d 'état staged by Jean-Bédel Bokassa , leader of the Central African Republic ( CAR ) army , and his military officers against the government of President David Dacko on 31 December 1965 and 1 January 1966 .
Its headquarters are located in central Oslo , next to the headquarters of the Norwegian Red Cross .
Ukrainian branches of the SPC were founded in Winnipeg , Portage la Prairie , and Nanaimo in 1907 , and four more followed in early 1908 .
He had another accident in a youth camp after coming to Mandatory Palestine just before the founding of the state of Israel .
Progressive Party ( , " Komma Proodeftikon " ) is a former Greece conservative political party founded in 1954 by Spyros Markezinis .
Producer and director Nicholas Meyer replied " Well , I hope so , " when asked if conservatives are discriminated against , and stated regarding the 1983 made-for-TV film " The Day After " that , " My private , grandiose notion was that this movie would unseat Ronald Reagan when he ran for re-election .
Because of political conflicts with the Socialist Unity Party of Germany regime ( such as the toleration of students who were members of a church ) , he and his wife fled East Germany in 1955 , and settled in Marburg , West Germany .
However , Kentucky Senator Rand Paul began a talking Senate filibuster prior to the vote , citing Obama and his administration ' s use of combat drones against Americans , stating " No one politician should be allowed to judge the guilt , to charge an individual , to judge the guilt of an individual and to execute an individual .
He has been a visiting scholar in many universities around the world , including Carnegie Mellon , Princeton , Harvard , MIT and University of London .
" With his sister Crystal Eastman , he co-founded in 1917 " The Liberator " , a radical magazine of politics and the arts .
While traveling to an international cycling tournament in the Netherlands in 1955 , Panić defected to Austria with his wife Jelica Panić ( " née " Narandžić .
Construction had been completed , however , on two important coastal fields in southeastern Alaska , Annette Army Airfield at Annette Island and Yakutat Army Airfield at Yakutat , and the first direct all-weather air route to Alaska from Seattle was open .
62 ! -- ISBN needed -- He was subsequently a candidate in the Northern Ireland Assembly elections of 2003 Northern Ireland Assembly election and 2007 Northern Ireland Assembly election in his home constituency of West Belfast although the party did not contest the seat in 2011 Northern Ireland Assembly election .
In addition to UC Berkeley , Fish has taught at the University of Pennsylvania and served as a Senior Fulbright Fellow and Visiting Professor at the Airlangga University in Indonesia and the European University at Saint Petersburg in Russia .
According to a report commissioned by Joseph Stalin and based on eyewitness accounts , Hitler 's dog-handler " Feldwebel " Fritz Tornow took Blondi 's pups and shot them in the garden of the bunker complex on 30 April , after Hitler and Eva Braun committed suicide .
Thomas Keble School offers GCSEs , BTECs , OCR Nationals and ASDAN courses as programmes of study for pupils .
During the years in government of Silvio Berlusconi ( 2001-2006 ) , the RS started to be critical of the centre-right .
The two parties camped at Parachinar , now part of FATA Pakistan , near Khost Afghanistan .
In 2000 , Martel co-sponsored a private member 's bill with fellow NDP member Marilyn Churley that called for a ban on development on the environmentally sensitive Oak Ridges Moraine .
In Prague he was also involved in Dutch business affairs , " inter alia " looking after the interests of the Dutch electrotechnical firm Philips .
The major highlight of Hay-Webster 's second term was her March 2004 trip to the Central African Republic on behalf of Jamaican Prime Minister P. J. Patterson and the Caribbean Community , to meet with Jean-Bertrand Aristide after he was ousted in the 2004 Haitian coup d 'état and to discuss his desire to return to Haiti .
The League of Communists of Serbia under Slobodan Milošević engaged in a process of replacement of provincial leaders known as the " anti-bureaucratic revolution , " whereby the local politicians were overthrown and replaced by Milošević loyalists .
His period as an MP ended at the 1868 United Kingdom general election when , as a consequence of the 1867 Reform Act , Guildford 's second parliamentary seat was abolished .
The Hungarian Soviet Republic collapsed in the face of foreign military interventions at the beginning of August 1919 and Sturm turned to organising illegal border crossing for the leaders as they fled .
The staircases , for example , are replicas of those of the Opéra Garnier in Paris .
She was a substitute on the Nordic Council where she was a member of the Arctic Council .
The London " Observer " said that Abrams had advance knowledge of , and " gave a nod to , " the Venezuelan coup attempt of 2002 against Hugo Chávez .
Nebraska was won by incumbent President Gerald Ford ( R - Michigan ) , with 59.19 % of the popular vote , against Jimmy Carter ( D - Georgia ) , with 38.46 % of the popular vote .
The EHRC has since 2008 engaged in parallel reporting ( " shadow reporting " ) at examinations of the UK under the UN and Council of Europe human rights treaties , and in the Universal Periodic Review .
Dong Zhuo 's former subordinates , led by Li Jue and Guo Si , took Emperor Xian and the imperial court under their control .
On the way to Deraa from the Jordan River , the rearguard at Irbid was attacked by the 4th Cavalry Division .
Gage had first won the seat at the 1945 United Kingdom general election , but he faced opponents from both the Commonwealth Labour Party ( CWLP ) and the Northern Ireland Labour Party ( NILP ) , who , between them , had taken 48 % of the vote .
After Iranian Revolution , he became a member of Islamic Republican Party ' s center leadership .
Elliot was the founder and has served as chief executive of the TaxPayers ' Alliance in 2004 , Big Brother Watch and Business for Britain .
Many SNLD gains in the election took place at the expense of the Shan Nationalities Democratic Party , which was reduced from being the 2nd largest party in Shan State and the 3rd largest party nationally , to holding only a single seat in the Shan State Hluttaw .
The Agency for the Legal Deposit Libraries ( formerly known as the Copyright Libraries Agency ) acts as on behalf of five of the legal deposit libraries defined in both the law of Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom to obtain copies of material published and distributed in those countries .
Later he studied medicine in Paris .
Born in 1953 , Doblin grew up in a Conservative Jewish family in suburban Chicago .
Vinayak Damodar Savarkar was an eminent Hindu nationalist leader of the Indian independence movement .
Circuit judge A. Raymond Randolph , writing for the court , ruled that Salim Ahmed Hamdan , a driver for al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , could be tried by a military court because :
Heffron continued the Labor reign in New South Wales winning the 1962 New South Wales state election .
By 1995 almost all campuses were relocated to Higashihiroshima .
He attended school in Berlin and Brandenburg an der Havel and became an officer cadet in the Wehrmacht in 1944 .
On April 17 , 1982 , Queen Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau , as well as the Minister of Justice , Jean Chrétien , and André Ouellet , the Registrar General , signed the Proclamation which brought the " Constitution Act , 1982 " into force .
To maintain their registration through the 2019 Alberta general election , both the PCs and Wildrose ran one paper candidate each in that election .
The Committee for the Liberation of Iraq ( CLI ) was a non-governmental organization which described itself as a " distinguished group of Americans " who wanted to " free Iraq from Saddam Hussein .
Irons was raised in the Melbourne suburb of Box Hill North .
In 2008 , President Dmitry Medvedev moved the Appeal in the St. George Hall of the Grand Kremlin Palace .
The following is a list of mayors of the city of Saint-Louis , Senegal .
Among them were Mahavir Singh , an associate of Bhagat Singh ( Lahore conspiracy case ) , Mohan Kishore Namadas ( convicted in Arms Act Case ) and Mohit Moitra ( also convicted in Arms Act Case ) .
Family members including Lucy Parsons , who attempted to see them for the last time , were arrested and searched for bombs ( none was found ) .
It also owns a Ferro Alloy plant at Chandrapur .
Nebraska senator George W. Norris was elected for four terms as a Republican before changing to an independent after the Republicans lost their majority in Congress in 1930 .
The release of " You Need to Calm Down " further led to a spike in individual donations to the LGBT non-governmental organization , GLAAD , as the lyrics of the song namechecks the organization : " why are you mad when you could be GLAAD ? .
Over two years , Sin stood as the pro-tem leader until Chiam joined the party and assumed leadership in December 1996 , at the time the Parliament was dissolved ahead of the 1997 Singaporean general election .
Hickey unsuccessfully ran for the provincial Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador nomination in Signal Hill-Quidi Vidi for the 2015 Newfoundland and Labrador general election .
Virginia 's Lieutenant Governor Robert Dinwiddie appointed him as a major and as commander of one of the four militia districts .
Over the next few years , Iltutmish suppressed a rebellion in Bengal , captured Gwalior , raided the Paramara -controlled cities of Bhilsa and Ujjain in central India , and expelled Khwarazmian subordinates in the north-west .
There , he , together with the ambassador of Poland in Bucharest , Roger Raczyński , tried to obtain permission to transit the gold via Romania .
It also included John Goodman in his feature film debut .
He co-wrote " The Federalist Papers " , co-founded the Democratic-Republican Party , and served as the fifth United States secretary of State from 1801 to 1809 .
On December 31 , 2013 , he was awarded the highest French distinction , being made a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor by decree of President François Hollande .Operations .
Kang became one of the close advisers of Kim Il-sung shortly after his return from the Soviet Union in October 1945 .
The Four committees initiative is a proposal put forward by United Nations envoy Staffan de Mistura on 29 July 2015 as a way to start the peace process in the Syrian Civil War .
Godfrey Farrugia ( born May 4 , 1960 , in Żebbuġ ) is a Maltese politician , a family doctor , who currently serves as a member of the Maltese parliament .
, Ltd FAW Car Co in Changchun and Communist Youth League Jilin committee .
On May 26 , 2009 , President Barack Obama announced his selection of Judge Sonia Sotomayor for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States , to replace retiring Justice David Souter .
Hence he warmly advocated the formation of national scientific societies along the lines of the Royal Society and the French Académie Royale des Sciences .
Irishtown was a suburb of the city of Kilkenny , within the county of the city but forming a separate borough , called Irishtown or St Canice .
The Lobau is a Vienna floodplain on the northern side of the Danube in Donaustadt and partly in Großenzersdorf , Lower Austria .
Chen Wu was killed in action while Song Qian and Xu Sheng were defeated and their men dispersed .
The youngest person to become Prime Minister was Benjamin Netanyahu , who became Prime Minister at the age of 46 years , 241 days .
Robert Richard Kudelski ( born March 3 , 1964 ) is an United States former professional ice hockey player .
After 1975 , the PMLI had a close relationship with the Communist Party of Kampuchea ( CPK ) , even after the invasion of Cambodia by Vietnam .
They were to cross the Mediterranean and the Adriatic Sea , pass near the island of Corfu , cross over the Pindus Mountains in Albania , cross southern Yugoslavia , enter southwestern Romania , and turn east toward Ploiești .
She served as the prime minister of Poland between 8 July 1992 and 26 October 1993 under the presidency of Lech Wałęsa .
They used similar terms during the 1930s and the Great Depression when opposing the New Deal policies of President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
The 2002 legislative election resulted in a victory for the ČSSD who formed a coalition with KDU-ČSL and US-DEU .
Exit polls indicated that many NDP supporters voted Liberal to keep the new Conservative Party of Canada from winning .
According to the Primary Chronicle , in the early 11th century , Antony , a Greek Orthodox monk from Esphigmenon monastery on Mount Athos , originally from Liubech in the Principality of Chernigov , returned to Rus ' and settled in Kiev as a missionary of the monastic tradition to Kievan Rus ' .
The Group of Seven ( G7 ) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries : France , Germany , Italy , Japan , the United Kingdom , the United States and Canada starting in 1976 .
In 1987 , he was involved with Silvio Berlusconi in the launching of the La Cinq TV-channel .
She also serves as expert referee and reviewer for Energy Economics , National Academy of Sciences , Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) , Climatic Change , USDA 's Economic Research Service , and the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Fourth Assessment Report ( published 2007 ) , and as grant application reviewer for the Smith Richardson Foundation .
These forces were first opposed weakly by Virginia militia , but General George Washington sent first Marquis de Lafayette and then Anthony Wayne with Continental Army troops to oppose the raiding and economic havoc the British were wreaking .
Independent Democrats ( ID ) led by Patricia de Lille was in third place .
Schumer and his wife , Iris Weinshall , were married September 21 , 1980 .
He and his wife Pat Nixon moved to Washington in 1942 to work for the federal government .
He served on the Dies Committee , precursor to HUAC , and gained notoriety for questioning Hallie Flanagan about whether Christopher Marlowe and " Euripides " might have been Communist s .
He was a natural son of Lucius Aemilius Paullus Macedonicus , but was adopted into the Cornelii Scipiones - the most prominent family at the time - by a son of the great Scipio Africanus .
In their reference book over the Balkan Jews , Esther Benbassa and Aron Rodrigues show that the internationalist socialists of the " Fédération " defended the Ladino language against the Zionists , favouring Hebrew , and the " Alliance Israélite Universelle " , who favoured French , thus remaining in some way close to the traditional Jewish world , they represented a form of westernization without assimilation .
In October 2005 Alaksandar Milinkievič , a candidate proposed by the BPF and " The Greens " Zialonyja party was elected the common democratic candidate for the 2006 Belarusian presidential election .
An Amnesty International campaign has been created to challenge the Government 's homelands policy .
The Constitution of Sri Lanka has been the constitution of the island nation of Sri Lanka since its original promulgation by the National State Assembly on 7 September 1978 .
John F. Fitzgerald , who had been Mayor of Boston from 1906 to 1908 , defeated incumbent George A. Hibbard and two other candidates .
John Kerry had narrowly won the district with 52 % in 2004 ( CPVI = D + 2 ) .
Demonstrators took to the streets at the weekly bazaar in Hotan .
This tendency led to a situation in which the significant differences regarding the way Israel should react to the Intifada were not split between the Labor party and the Likud party , but rather between the dovish faction in the Labor party ( which supported the positions of the left-wing Meretz party ) and the hawkish faction in the Labor party ( whose position was very close to that of the Likud party ) .
The PPI or Popolari were divided and leaderless after Mussolini had engineered the dismissal of Luigi Sturzo .
In March 2010 , Grayling was recorded at an open meeting of the Centre for Policy Studies think tank saying that during the debates on civil liberties under the Labour Government , he had felt that Christians should have the right to live by their consciences and that Christian owners of bed and breakfast s should have the right to turn away gay couples .
McElroy joined the Northern Ireland Labour Party ( NILP ) , in which he acted as an ally of Harry Midgley , and was elected as party Chair .
It stars Sean Connery , Harry Andrews , Ian Bannen , Ossie Davis , Ian Hendry , Alfred Lynch , Roy Kinnear and Michael Redgrave .
Wallace left office in 1979 but reentered politics and won 1982 Alabama gubernatorial election to a fourth and final term as governor in 1982 .
At the time of the fight for freedom in India , Ruia Garhi was the princess and her father Narpati Singh was the king .
Ottawa Mayor Charlotte Whitton arrived at the blaze and demanded the fire department be let in , and threatened to have the embassy staff arrested .
392,496 electorates cast their votes , which counted more than 23.3 per cent of the total registered voters , about six per cent higher than the 1989 Hong Kong municipal elections .
Shortly after their son 's first birthday , having passed his habilitation exam , accepted a post at what is now the University of Mannheim and the couple moved to nearby Weinheim , which is where the couple lived out the rest of their lives .
Armstrong was born in New York City , New York , in 1858 , and moved to Ontario with his parents one year later .
His party was narrowly defeated by the Conservatives in the 1951 United Kingdom general election , despite winning the most votes .
Peter McGauran had done likewise earlier in 2008 .
An independence movement quickly emerged , led by figures such as Patrice Lumumba and Joseph Kasa-Vubu .
In 2006 , GMF acquired its current headquarters in Washington , DC , a building that until 1963 had housed the West German chancery , and that had hosted such figures as John F. Kennedy , Konrad Adenauer , Lyndon B. Johnson , and George C. Marshall .
Watanabe formed Your Party as a splinter from the Liberal Democratic Party prior to the 2009 Japanese general election .
In August 2001 , United States Senators Dick Durbin ( D - Illinois ) and Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) first introduced the bill in the Senate as
Notable " Jacobin " contributors have included Slavoj Žižek , Bob Herbert , Yanis Varoufakis , Hilary Wainwright , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Jeremy Corbyn and Pablo Iglesias Turrión .
The action is called " Lubyanka 's burning door " according to Pavlensky , and it references filmmaker Oleg Sentsov ' s incarceration .
The coalition bills itself as an independent civic initiative , unaffiliated to any religion. and raises concerns over the involvement of American anti-LGBT groups , such as Alliance Defending Freedom ( ADF ) , Liberty Counsel , World Congress of Families ( WCF ) and " European Center of Law and Justice " ( ECLJ ) , who " filed legal briefs , lobbied or campaigned in favor of the change .
Kim Dae-jung was arrested on May 17 , 1980 , and was a prisoner under death row , having been convicted of a fabricated charge of " inciting rebellion .
The Democrats nonetheless retained a significant majority , unlike the 1980 United States Senate elections elections , where Republicans gained control of the chamber .
In 1998 Galli della Loggia left " Liberal " and the foundation , at the behest of its president Adornato , gradually approached the centre-right coalition , up to the adhesion of the same Adornato to Forza Italia .
Presiding over this joint session was the House Speaker , Tom Foley , accompanied by Al Gore , the Vice President of the United States .
Changing the configuration of Chamber , this alliance toppled Prime Minister Ghica , producing three successive radical cabinets , respectively headed by Constantin A. Crețulescu , Ștefan Golescu , and Nicolae Golescu .Brătescu , pp. 14-15 ; Marton , pp. 75-76 , 143-144 , 153 , 191-200 , 285 ; Puiu ( 2010 ) , pp. 217-219 , 225-226 ; Știrbăț , " Marea formațiune ... , " pp. 122-125 , 128 .
The movement was formed in April 1930 by General Diaz Valderrama , Carlos Keller ( the main ideologue of the group ) and Jorge González von Marées , who became leader .
After Volksschule he attended the Jesuitenkonvikt Kalksburg near Vienna for four years , leaving in 1936 to attend the gymnasium in Reichenberg ( Liberec ) , northern Bohemia .
In early 1990s , together with Mieczysław Rakowski , he was suspected in the case of the so-called " Moscow loan .
Narrated and hosted by American actor Tom Hanks , the film stars Billy Campbell as President Lincoln and Jesse Johnson as John Wilkes Booth .
In the 1832 presidential election , Clay was defeated by President Andrew Jackson of the Democratic Party .
In October 1940 , Fascist Italy had attacked the Kingdom of Greece only to be forced back into Albania .
Garfield was responsible , as Appropriations Committee chairman , for shepherding the legislative appropriations bill through the House ; during the debate in February 1873 , Massachusetts Representative Benjamin Butler offered the increase as an amendment , and despite Garfield 's opposition , it passed the House and eventually became law .
The Alliance For European Integration has a narrow majority of 53 deputies out of 101 in the Moldovan Parliament , while the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova have 48 .
In the 1959 Manitoba general election , he was elected to the Manitoba legislature in the riding of St. Boniface as a Liberal-Progressive .
There he also became a member of a military organization at the Petrograd Committee of Russian Social Democratic Labour Party ( Bolshevik ) , a commissar of Semenovsky Guard Reserve Regiment , the Chief of Red Guard and commandant of the Moscow-Narva region ( Petrograd ) .
However , a tactical blunder by Ma Su at the Battle of Jieting resulted in Shu being dealt a huge defeat by Zhang He , a general of the rival state of Cao Wei .
She won the seat with a majority of 30,444 votes , beating Malaysian Chinese Association " s Tan Gim Tuan as well as becoming Kampung Tunku 's first female representative .
The Provisional People 's Government of the Republic of Poland ( ) , also known as the Government of Ignacy Daszyński , was established on 7 November 1918 in Lublin , Austrian Galicia , as one of the precursors of Poland ' s sovereignty following World War I. It proclaimed the creation of a constitutional republic with the right to parliamentary elections , nationalization of key industries , as well as social , labour , and land reform s .
The current President , Donald Trump , has yet to throw a ceremonial first pitch , though has done so for Minor League games prior to taking office .
Finally , in 1267 , the Treaty of Badajoz ( 1267 ) was signed in Badajoz , determining that the southern border between Castile and Portugal should be the River Guadiana , as it is today .
Exchanges between Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Israel have demonstrated a strained relationship .
In 1961 , the Tunku mooted the idea of forming a federation named " Malaysia , " which would consist of the British colonies of Singapore , Sabah , Sarawak , and also the British Protectorate of Brunei .
He had an interest in ballet and took many photographs of the visiting Bolshoi Ballet and Moscow Circus in Brisbane , as well as over 900 photographs of the Charles Lisner , which would later become the Queensland Ballet .
Its main opponent is the Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) ; the two forces are often regarded as operating in a two-party system .
( born January 27 , 1947 ) is a Filipino bureaucrat who served as Secretary of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines in an " ad interim " basis from June 30 , 2016 until March 8 , 2017 , the rejection of his appointment by the Commission on Appointments over eligibility concerns resulting from questions on his citizenship .
Six years later , Sigurd Eirikson traveled to Estonia to collect taxes for King Valdemar .
Carter was running with Minnesota Senator Walter Mondale , and President Ford had selected Kansas Congressman Bob Dole .
For some years , Khomeini opted for the second of these three , believing Islam should encompass all aspects of life , especially the state , and disapproving of Iran 's weak Qajar dynasty , the western concepts and language borrowed in the 1906 constitution , and especially the authoritarian secularism and modernization of the Pahlavi dynasty .
The Coonan Cross Oath ( " Koonan Kurishu Satyam " ) , taken on 3 January 1653 , was a public avowal by members of the Saint Thomas Christian s community of modern-day Kerala , India that they would not submit to Roman Pope and Latin Catholic Portuguese " Padroado " dominance in ecclesiastical and secular life .
Kalehe Territory borders the country of Rwanda to the east , across Lake Kivu .
" A presidential human rights commission headed by former Russian president Dmitry Medvedev had found in 2011 that the charges against the lawyer had been fabricated.Courtney Weaver and Charles Clover ( 11 July 2013 ) , " .
Minnesota and the District of Columbia were the only electoral votes not won by incumbent Republican President Ronald Reagan in 1984 United States presidential election .
The Director of the Tongan Human Rights and Democracy Movement claimed the restructuring of the airline suffered from a lack of transparency .
The Punjab was a region straddling India and the Afghanistan Durrani Empire .
The United States granted Vichy full diplomatic recognition , sending Admiral William D. Leahy to France as ambassador .
He did so largely by recruiting teachers from France , Belgium , Quebec , and other French-speaking regions and nations around the world .
He was born in Glasgow on 16 October 1851.Hector Macpherson Jun. , " Hector Macpherson : The Man and his Work " , Edinburgh : W. F. Henderson , 19 George IV Bridge , 1925 , p .
Once the petition was ready , Suhrawardy informed the Awami League executive Abdus Samad Azad that Ashab Uddin could bring the petition to him .
In a November 2008 book review entitled " Deflating the Churchill Myth , " Margolis in the " Toronto Sun " endorsed Pat Buchanan ' s book " Churchill , Hitler and the Unnecessary War " as a " powerful new book .
Their coverage was nicknamed " The Moment " and used " Lose Yourself " by Eminem as its theme song .
The late Roman Republic granted legal personhood to municipalities , public works companies that managed public services , and voluntary associations ( " collegia " ) such as the early Catholic Church .
Rail services operate on twelve lines ; Beenleigh , Caboolture , Cleveland , Doomben , Exhibition , Ferny Grove , Gold Coast , Ipswich-Rosewood , Redcliffe Peninsula , Shorncliffe , Springfield and Sunshine Coast .
Clinton is considered an exurb of New York City , as Hunterdon County lies on the western fringe of the New York City Metropolitan Area , which is mainly rural with scattered housing developments and old farm homes .
Raila Odinga challenged this in the Supreme Court of Kenya .
Neo-Nazism in Canada began with the formation of the Canadian Nazi Party in 1965 .
Their home grounds is based at Baba Yara Stadium in Amakom , Kumasi .
For the hereditary position of the Sultan , the sultan was fully subjected under the influence of the Dutch East Indies authority .
He was later accepted as an Edward Mason Fellow and graduated with a Master of Public Administration degree from Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government in 1999 .
In Switzerland , pro-Nazi Colonel Arthur Fonjallaz of the National Front became an ardent Mussolini admirer after visiting Italy in 1932 and advocated the Italian annexation of Switzerland , whilst receiving Fascist foreign aid.Alan Morris Schom , " , p .
The incumbent is Democrat Carolyn Maloney , who was re-elected with 86.4 % of the vote in 2018 .
Namir served as secretary of Mapai ' s parliamentary group and the coalition administration during the second Knesset ( 1951-55 ) , before becoming secretary to the Israeli delegation at the United Nations .
Shortly after coming to power in 1957 , John Diefenbaker was initially receptive , but ultimately changed his mind and so informed the Queen in 1960 .
The party did not stand in seats won by the Conservative Party in 2017 United Kingdom general election along with a number of exceptional seats ; mainly in London , Scotland and the North East .
In October 2008 , Robertson posted a press release on the Georgian conflict speculating that the conflict is a Russian ploy to enter the Middle East , and that instability caused by a predicted pre-emptive strike by Israel on Iran would result in Syria ' s and Iran 's launching nuclear strikes on other targets .
Former ARP-politician Bas de Gaay Fortman led the party in the elections .
The President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam ( ) is the head of state of Vietnam , elected from members of Vietnam National Assembly .
Coleman Alexander Young II ( born October 18 , 1982 ) is a former Democratic member of the Michigan Senate , who represented the 1st District , which includes the municipalities of Ecorse , Gibraltar , River Rouge , Riverview , Trenton , Woodhaven , Wyandotte and a portion of Detroit .
In the 2008 New Zealand general election Sio won the Māngere electorate , defeating the incumbent independent ( and former Labour ) MP Taito Phillip Field by 7,126 votes .
Hu Zong replied : " Yin Fan 's defection letter may resemble the writing style of Dongfang Shuo and his speaking skills may resemble those of Mi Heng , but he isn 't as talented as them .
After her marriage with Rodde , a burgomaster of Lübeck , she devoted herself to domestic duties .
For one , Donald Trump had selected Indiana governor Mike Pence as his running mate , effectively eliminating any chance that Clinton could repeat Obama 's surprise upset win in the state over John McCain eight years prior .
Elizabeth M. Tamposi was born in Nashua , New Hampshire on February 13 , 1955 , the daughter of Nashua real estate developer Samuel A. Tamposi .
He was selected to contest the safe Labour seat of Birkenhead at the 1979 United Kingdom general election on the retirement of the sitting MP Edmund Dell .
As Secretary , Wolcott was George Washington 's intermediary in getting the Collector of Customs for Portsmouth , New Hampshire , Joseph Whipple , to capture and send Martha Washington 's runaway slave , Oney Judge ( sometimes Ona ) , to Mount Vernon , where she had begun serving the Washingtons .
After his term in Congress , Eckart worked in the American Bar Association ' s Congressional Process Committee , and was also on the board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants .
Governor Cuomo defeated Zephyr Teachout in a primary election , 63 % to 33 % , and went on to defeat the Republican nominee , Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino , 54 % to 40 % , in the general election .
The Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa also fell in April 1941 .
He easily defeated incumbent MLA Roy Erasmus .
The house was built in the 15th century as a residential building for the Latin nobles during the Kingdom of Cyprus period .
He was trained in Marxist-Leninist ideology , along with three fellow South Africans , one of them Thabo Mbeki , then a communist , later South African state president .
Ernie Eves , who had been Harris ' Minister of Finance , and who had the backing of almost all PC MPPs , won the campaign , defeating his successor as Minister of Finance , Jim Flaherty .
Born in Boat of Bridge in Banffshire , Duncan grew up in Ruthriston near Aberdeen and was educated at Robert Gordon 's College .
CPE members are active in its 26 branches - eight of them are active in Tallinn , 18 in towns and counties .
Sir William Henry Rattigan had been Liberal Unionist MP for the seat of North East Lanarkshire since the 1901 North East Lanarkshire by-election .
Between 1913 and 2015 , only two Republicans served as U.S. Senator from Montana , Zales Ecton and Conrad Burns .
Frederick Augustus , Count Rutowsky ( also written " Rutowski " ) ( Warsaw / Dresden ? , 19 June 1702 & amp ; ndash ; Pillnitz , 16 March 1764 ) , was a Electorate of Saxony Field Marshal who commanded Saxon forces in the Siege of Pirna during the Seven Years ' War .
Roosevelt 's efforts to reform New York politics - including Republican politics - led Platt and other state Republican leaders to pressure President McKinley to accept Roosevelt as his new vice- presidential candidate , thus filling the spot left open when Vice President Garret Hobart died in 1899 .
The oldest living Premier , Barrie Unsworth , will tie Lewis if he lives to 18 July 2028 , and tie Lang if he lives to 21 January 2033 .
As a follow-up to their WTO action , the Ehippies and volunteers tried to shut down the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and World Bank websites by a " virtual sit-in " in conjunction with ' real world ' protests in Washington , D.C. in April 2000 .
Tiberius found Rhescuporis II guilty and sent him to live in exile in Alexandria , Egypt .
One month later Moscoso was kidnaped by leftist students and the car fire at the Central University of Venezuela .
The collapse of the government triggered the 1922 United Kingdom general election , when Campbell stood down from the House of Commons ,
The accession of the King of Kingdom of France to the royal throne was legitimized by a ceremony performed with the Crown of Charlemagne at Notre-Dame de Reims .
In the ensuing Democratic Opposition of Serbia coalition government , DSS had very little influence with just two cabinet-level ministerial posts , that of Deputy Prime Minister ( held by Aleksandar Pravdić ) and Minister of Health ( held by Obren Joksimović ) as well as very few second tier posts of Deputy Minister .
There are Leaders of the Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) at the federal level as well as in each Australia n state and territory .
Two members of the party 's caucus , Gordie Gosse and Frank Corbett resigned for personal reasons in April 2015 , triggering two of three provincial by-elections which were held on July 14 .
The Party was re-founded as the Workers Party of Vietnam ( Đảng lao động Việt Nam ) at the 2nd Congress in Tuyên Quang in 1951 .
After the death of Anwar al-Awlaki and his son Abdulrahman al-Awlaki by CIA predator drones in Yemen , Nasser al-Awlaki , the father and grandfather of Anwar and Abdulrahman respectively , released an audio message condemning the killings :
Günter Deckert ( born 9 January 1940 in Heidelberg , Baden ) is a far-right Germany political activist .
The podcast aired as a livestream show on both Periscope and Facebook Live as part of The Ringer 's coverage of the presidential debates , as well as on November 8 , 2016 , the night of the 2016 United States presidential election .
His campaign manager was Ken Mehlman .
" Virtus " was a specific virtue in Ancient Rome .
Duynhoven entered Parliament in the 1987 New Zealand general election , winning the New Plymouth seat from incumbent New Zealand National Party MP , Tony Friedlander .
Democratic House manager Jason Crow said that information was unknown but could be easily obtained with subpoenas for documents and witnesses , including Bolton .
Rees Hill ( along with Thomas Sargeant of Harrisburg , Cromwell Pearce of Chester County , and Samuel McKean of Bradford County ) was appointed as an aide de camp to Governor William Findlay , the commander in chief of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania .
William F. Albright has dated his reign to 876-871 BC , while Edwin R. Thiele offers the dates 885-880 BC .
Plovdiv Province is divided into Electoral region 16 , corresponding to Plovdiv and Electoral region 17 , covering all other municipalities .
He is a retired U.S. Marine Corps Reserve Colonel , and he served as chairman of the Republican Party of New Mexico from 2004 to 2008 .
In Madeira , Alberto João Jardim , of the Social Democratic Party kept his dominance over the regional political panorama , winning the election with an absolute majority of 56 % , losing only 1 % of the voting and achieving the 7th consecutive absolute majority since the very first election in 1976 .
On 9 July 1961 Panagiotis Kanellopoulos as Deputy Prime Minister in Konstantinos Karamanlis ' government and German Vice-Chancellor Ludwig Erhard signed the protocols of Greece 's Treaty of Association with the European Economic Community ( EEC ) .
Buta Zega Airport east of Buta in Orientale Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Detroit Public Safety Headquarters located at 1301 Third Street in Detroit is a law enforcement and fire department complex which houses the headquarters for the Detroit Police Department , Detroit Fire Department , Detroit Emergency Medical Service as well as a forensics laboratory for the Michigan State Police .
However , in 1946 , the civil war with the communists led by Mao Zedong resumed despite mediation by the United States .
In 1963 , soon after the outbreak of the Konfrontasi between Malaysia and Indonesia , the Alliance government began yet another massive round up of politicians and activists among the opposition under the Internal Security Act .
Received a Distinguished Unit Citation ( DUC ) for striking the industrial center at Yokohama late in May 1945 .
The party was legally disbanded after the failed coup attempt led by Nikolaos Plastiras of 1935 , although the organization remained active .
She has been the founding secretary-general of the European Alliance for Freedom , a eurosceptic pan-European party , established in late 2010 , and led by former UK Independence Party europarlamentarian Godfrey Bloom .
Arseniy Yatsenyuk then headed talks about Ukrainian membership in the World Trade Organization .
In 2003 , he refounded the Labrador Party , a political party in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador that advocates Labrador " getting its fair share .
In 1785 , he returned to America with Franklin and settled in New York City where he became associated with his brothers in the commission business in 1791 .
With such a broad and diverse mandate , the Sanader-led government vigorously pursued policies that amounted to the implementation of the basic criteria for joining the European Union , such as the return of refugees to their homes , rebuilding houses damaged in the war , improving minority rights by including minority representatives in the government , cooperating with the ICTY , and continuing to consolidate the Croatian economy .
In the July 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election 13 of the party 's incumbent MPs were on the Self Reliance party list while 4 incumbent Self Reliance MPs tried to get reelected for the party Voice , another 4 for Strength and Honor and 1 for Servant of the People .votes .
Various notable newspapers made endorsements of candidates in the 2016 United States presidential election , as follows .
Among the tribals who collaborated with the government and the Pakistani military-intelligence establishment were the Jamali s , led by the family of Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali , who became the premier during General Pervez Musharraf ' s regime .
An international workshop on Water Stress and Climate Change in the Himalayan River Basins was organised in August 2009 in Kathmandu bringing together experts and policy makers on water issues from China , Nepal , Bangladesh and India .First International Workshop on Water Stress and Climate Change in Asia .
He received elementary education in Banjarbaru , before moving to Jakarta where he studied in a state-funded middle school .
This was most likely out of unease with Nazi Germany 's ally , Fascist Italy which at the time harboured the Croatian extreme nationalist Ustashe leader Ante Pavelić in exile in Rome , and because of the rhetoric of some Italian fascists in the past such as the late Gabriele D 'Annunzio , who were violently opposed to a Yugoslav state .
In 2012 , Tommy Lapid 's son , Yair Lapid , formed Yesh Atid , a secularist , centrist , liberal Zionist party that won 19 seats in the 2013 Knesset elections , making it the Kneeset 's second-largest party , and 11 seats in the 2015 Knesset elections .
In June 2017 , he became Minister of State for Natural Resources , Community Affairs and Digital Development , but following a cabinet reshuffle in October 2018 , Taoiseach Leo Varadkar appointed him as Government Chief Whip and Minister of State for Gaeilge , the Gaeltacht and the Islands .
There were two Governments of the 2nd Dáil , which were Ministries of Dáil Éireann , the assembly of Dáil Éireann that was the legislature of the Irish Republic , a unilaterally declared state which lasted from 1919 to 1922 .
Luis Buñuel ' s " L 'Âge d 'Or " ( 1930 ) , the final segment of which provides a coda to " 120 Days of Sodom " , with the four debauched noblemen emerging from their mountain retreat .
Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Blanche Lincoln ran for re-election to a third term , facing a strong primary challenge from Lieutenant Governor Bill Halter and prevailing only in a runoff .
There were fascist elements in the United States in the 1930s such as the Friends of New Germany , the German American Bund , the Ku Klux Klan , and Charles Coughlin .2010 .
There she went to the Columbia University School of Social Work , a higher education institution that trained people to do social work , where she began to do settlement work .
Bow and Poplar was a parliamentary constituency in London which returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
The Communist Party USA state convention met on June 19 at Schenectady , New York , and nominated Israel Amter for governor ; and Henry Shepard , a " Harlem Negro , " for Lieutenant Governor in NYT on June 20 , 1932 ( subscription required )
This replaced the prior coalition of the Estonian Reform Party and the Pro Patria and Res Publica Union .
Solih assumed office on 17 November 2018 , when the five-year term of Abdulla Yameen expired .
She defeated former Deputy Treasurer of Illinois Raja Krishnamoorthi for the Democratic nomination on March 20 , 2012 , then faced incumbent Republican Joe Walsh in the general election .
After the February Revolution of 1917 , in March he returned to Russia through Stockholm .
He went to Quetta a few times for training .
All states of the Council of Europe have signed the Convention .
Ngueak , and the nāga which have been " tamed " by Buddhism , were believed to bring rains , or change shape , and nāga in particular were believed to be protection spirits which inhabited the cities of Vientiane and Luang Prabang in Lan Xang .
He joins Sun Ce ' s side after the player defeats him .
The All India Mahila Empowerment Party was launched at The Lalit in New Delhi on 12 November 2017 in the presence of important personalities from different fields , including cricketer Mohammed Azharuddin , tennis player Sania Mirza , film stars Suniel Shetty , Bobby Deol , Aftab Shivdaasani , Zeenat Aman , Poonam Dhillon , choreographer Farah Khan , and Urdu poetess Lata Haya .
Boris Johnson was born in New York City in the United States of America , the first American-born Prime Minister and the first to be born outside of English / British territory .
Allen Lee 's Liberal Party and its allies tried to amend the Patten proposals and was backed by Lu Ping , Director of the Hong Kong and Macao Affairs Office .
Nader 's vice presidential running mate was Winona LaDuke , an environmental activist and member of the Ojibwe tribe of Minnesota .
She had never been involved in party politics prior to being nominated similar to other ministers ( culture minister Françoise Nyssen , Olympic fencing champion Laura Flessel and TV star Nicolas Hulot ) .
The Consulate-General serves Dubai and the five northern Emirates , comprising Sharjah , Ajman , Umm al-Quwain , Ras al-Khaimah and Fujairah .
The short reign ( 1494-1498 ) of Girolamo Savonarola , a Dominican Order priest , over the city of Florence had features of a theocracy .
During the so-called " Creek War of 1836 " Secretary of War Lewis Cass dispatched General Winfield Scott to end the violence by forcibly removing the Creeks to the Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River .
On the list 166 candidates are from DS , 60 from G17 + and 8 members from each of the following parties Sanjak Democratic Party and League of Social Democrats of Vojvodina .
His daughter , later known as Peggy Kelman , became a pioneer of Australian aviation
All 50 states and the District of Columbia , were part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
In the 1971 Ontario general election she ran as the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario in the downtown Toronto riding of St. David .
The Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) opposition and some community groups believe that Gillespie also has an indirect financial relationship with the federal government , in that he owns a suburban shopping complex in Port Macquarie which leases a premises to an Australia Post licensee .
He obtained a law degree from San Beda College of Law in 1972 .
Argentina remained neutral until March 1945 when the country declared war on the Axis powers , and " Rivadavia " did not become involved in the soon-to-end conflict .
" Bob Roberts " is a 1992 satirical mockumentary film written , directed by , and starring Tim Robbins .
He was also featured as Muhammad Ali ' s boxing trainer and cornerman Angelo Dundee in Michael Mann ' s 2001 biopic " Ali " .
Austin was born in Dunedin on 1 April 1933 , and was educated at St Dominic 's College , Dunedin , and Sacred Heart College , Christchurch .
Rommel , at points , had recognised Malta as a serious obstacle to Axis logistical lines between Axis-held Europe and their forces in North Africa .
On September 9 , 2009 , he drove from his home in Aurora , Colorado , to New York City , intending to detonate explosives on the New York City subway during rush hour as one of three coordinated suicide " martyrdom " bombings .
He quickly gained respect among partisan fighters and remained Kovpak 's " commissar " while their initially small group rose into a large well-organized formation raiding the rear of the Axis powers occupants .
Helena however arranged the marriage of one of her daughters to Stjepan Tomašević , prince of Kingdom of Bosnia .
Another important issue is the pact established by the Constitutionalist Liberal Party and the Sandinista National Liberation Front in 2000 in order to maintain control over key institutions such as the Supreme Court ( CSJ ) and the Supreme Electoral Council ( CSE ) , causing a profound institutional crisis in the Nicaraguan society .
During 1943 and 1944 , the Allied leaders , particularly Winston Churchill , tried to bring about a resumption of talks between Stalin and the Polish government in exile .
Necessary agenda concessions were made to include the interests of developing countries , which had by then further established their own negotiation blocs , such as the Non-Aligned Movement and the Shanghai Co-operation Organisation .
The American Film Institute recognized the film by ranking it # 44 within the AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Movies list in 1998 .
He celebrated the fall of the French July Monarchy in 1848 , while worrying about the spread of ' public bedevilments to England .
Jože Pučnik ( 9 March 1932 & amp ; ndash ; 11 January 2003 ) was a Slovenia n patriot , public intellectual , sociologist and politician .
Bolkestein subsequently applied at Leiden University in June 1963 for postgraduate education in Law graduating with an Master of Laws degree in July 1965 .
William Henry Eyes became a member of the Marlborough Provincial Council in 1860 , and in the 1861 general election , This resignation triggered the parliamentary by-election .
The 2020 West Virginia gubernatorial election will be held on November 3 , 2020 , to elect the Governor of West Virginia , concurrently with the 2020 United States presidential election , as well as elections to the United States Senate , elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections .
In the 1932 German presidential election , the SPD supported Paul von Hindenburg for President , fearing that a split vote would hand the job to the National Socialist German Workers ' Party ( NSDAP ) candidate , Adolf Hitler .
His father , a Jewish immigrant from Koidenov Dzyarzhynsk , became a wholesale vegetable vendor in New York .
Sofoklis Dousmanis ( , 25 December 1868 - 6 January 1952 ) was a Greece naval officer .
The Tokugawa shogunate that emerged following Hideyoshi 's fall authorized the Shimazu family - feudal lords of the Satsuma domain ( present-day Kagoshima Prefecture ) - to send an expeditionary force to conquer the Ryukyus .
He was a long-time political contributor to such publications as " Texas Monthly " , the " Texas Observer " , " The American Journal of Criminal Law " , " The Texas Bar Journal " , " The Ripon Forum , " a voice of Rockefeller Republican , and several newspapers , including a Sunday column for the former " San Antonio Light " .
In 2000 , Tyler became deputy superintendent / chief academic officer for the New Orleans city public schools , where she served for three years .
In 1898 , he travelled to the United States as part of a TUC delegation , but on his return , he contracted tuberculosis , and he died in 1899 , aged 47 .
On May 9 , 2007 , Morgan appeared with VoteVets.org co-founder and chairman Jon Soltz on " The News Hour with Jim Lehrer " .
The director also considered Gene Hackman , Robin Williams , Gary Oldman and Tommy Lee Jones .
Gun laws in Jamaica began to be tightened in the early 1970s , when Jamaica experienced a rise in violence associated with criminal gang s and political polarization between supporters of the People 's National Party and the Jamaica Labour Party .
During his senior year at Columbia , he studied " the moral life in the process of revising itself " under Lionel Trilling , who was preparing to give the Norton lectures at Harvard the following year .
At the time , Puerto Rico and Cuba also suffered a severe economic crisis , due to increasing tariffs and taxes imposed by the Spanish central government on most import and export goods & amp ; mdash ; the Spanish crown needed these funds badly , to subsidize its troops in the Dominican Republic .
He served as an advisor to New Brunswick Premier Frank McKenna and Prime Minister Paul Martin , and later served as the Liberal Party of Canada ' s national director , and as the returning officer for the 2013 Liberal Party of Canada leadership election .
The United Force is a conservative and economically liberal political party in Guyana .
A Silesian Insurrectionist in his youth , during the Second World War he joined the Polish armed forces in the Soviet Union and later became an important politician representing Silesia in the People 's Republic of Poland .
The SWD established the TMT at Cyprus in 1958 to counter the EOKA and to force partition of the island and supported it logistically and militarily .
A parliamentary election took place in Slovakia on 12 June 2010 .
Matthew McCauley , William Short , " Colin Strang " , " Alex Taylor " , and " Hedley C. Taylor " were elected .
The Kingdom of Holland was annexed to the First French Empire in 1810 , and Java became a titular French colony , though it continued to be administered and defended primarily by Dutch personnel .
Marc J. Ambinder of ABC News said about the Council : " The group wants to be the conservative version of the Council on Foreign Relations .
The party lost relevance after Miguel Primo de Rivera ' s coup in 1923 and Maura 's death in 1925 .
On his return from Afghanistan , Mayor Bill White requested that Noriega command the evacuee shelter operation at the George Brown Convention Center in Houston , where he oversaw thousands of Hurricane Katrina evacuees .
Aided by Roberto Fiore , whose " Terza Posizione " held similar views , the ONF developed an ideology that stressed the need for a " New Man " with the cadre structure influenced by the " nest " system of the pre- Second World War Romania n Iron Guard .
He was the Chief of Staff of the German Chancellery and a Federal Minister for Special Affairs from 2009 to 2013 , in the second coalition government of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
In 1930 the Communist International ( Comintern ) sent Nguyễn Ái Quốc to Hong Kong to coordinate the unification of the parties into the Vietnamese Communist Party with Trần Phú as its first Secretary General .
In 1937 , Margaret Buckley became the first female President of Sinn Féin .
In 1995 , Don Black and Chloê Hardin , the ex-wife of the KKK Grand Wizard David Duke , began a small bulletin board system ( BBS ) called Stormfront .
In January 1956 , five missionaries in the area were killed by Huaorani people , including her brother Nate Saint , who had come to Ecuador in 1948 .
Francis Fitzpatrick VC ( 1859 & amp ; ndash ; 10 July 1933 ) , born in Tullycorbet , County Monaghan was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to United Kingdom and Commonwealth of Nations forces .
In October 1916 he was appointed to command the Russian 8th Army Corps and lead troops in Romania .
During his reign George was served by a total of 31 Prime Ministers ; 4 from the United Kingdom , 7 from Australia , 2 from Canada , 1 from Ceylon , 1 from India , 1 from Ireland , 3 from Malta , 3 from New Zealand , 3 from Northern Ireland , 2 from Pakistan , 3 from South Africa and 1 from Southern Rhodesia .
In 1802 , Goforth ran as a Democratic-Republican Party to be a delegate to the convention that would draft a constitution for the proposed state of Ohio .
In February 2011 , he was appointed the Mayor of Haikou , capital of Hainan province , then promoted to Vice-Governor of Hainan in January 2013 .
" Credico was featured on the comedy album , " Strange Bedfellows : Comedy and Politics " ( 1988 ) along with Jimmy Tingle , Barry Crimmins , and Will Durst .
The president Alejandro Agustín Lanusse orders the Army to go out on raking and control missions , especially in the Gran Buenos Aires .
Wofford was a board member of Malaria No More , a New York-based nonprofit that was launched at the 2006 White House Summit with the goal of ending all deaths caused by malaria .
She first ran for city council and won on the Working Families Party ballot line .
In April 2014 , three independent members of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly - Alison Anderson , Larisa Lee , and Francis Xavier Kurrupuwu - joined Palmer United , with Anderson becoming the party 's leader in the Territory .
Some of the Act 's provisions were brought into force in April or May 2010 by a commencement order made on 15 April 2010 by Bridget Prentice , Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State ( Ministry of Justice ) .The Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010 ( Commencement No. 1 ) Order 2010
Hans Paul Oster ( 9 August 1887 - 9 April 1945 ) was a general in the " Wehrmacht " of Nazi Germany and a leading figure of the German resistance from 1938 to 1943 .
From Zambia , he left to the Soviet Union , where he trained as a military radio specialist until 1976 .
This attracts the attention of his bad-tempered father ( George Wendt ) , who furiously remonstrates him to stop playing the music and go to bed .
Since the mid-1970s , the bank began a new expansion process , opening branches in Iquique ( September 30 , 1976 ) - converting itself to official representatives of the Free Zone - , Arica ( 1977 ) , Curicó ( 1977 ) , Mercado-Centro in Talca ( 1977 ) , Viña del Mar ( 1978 ) , Antofagasta ( 1978 ) , Faro de Apoquindo ( 1978 ) and Macul ( 1979 ) , these last two in Santiago .
She entered the world of high finance as an arbitrageuse and , in 1989 , co-founded Alpha Economic Studies , a financial consulting firm contracted by then- Argentine Central Bank President Javier González Fraga , a prominent conservative figure .
Later Silla ( 668-935 , ) is the name often applied to the Korean kingdom of Silla , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea , after it conquered Baekje and Goguryeo in the 7th century , unifying the central and southern regions of the Korean peninsula .
Republican Bill Cassidy defeated Democratic incumbent Mary Landrieu in the Louisiana runoff on December 6 .
The fourth district - consisting of the sub-province of Catanduanes - was created by virtue of Act No. 3617 enacted in 1929 , and elected its own representative starting in 1931 Philippine House of Representatives elections .
Although it was unprofitable , it made him a favorite of various Washington officials , including Treasury Secretary Salmon P. Chase , Senator John J. Sherman , and General Ulysses S. Grant .
Following the 1959 Cuban Revolution and the local implementation in several countries of Che Guevara ' s foco theory , the US waged a war in South America against the " Communists subversives , " leading to support in Chile of the right-wing , which would culminate with the coup of 1973 in Chile .
The OHIM Board of Appeal is an administrative law body of the Office for Harmonization in the Internal Market ( OHIM ) , which is responsible for deciding on appeals in trade mark and design matters registered in the European Union .
It was also the largest seat gain for the party since 1946 United States House of Representatives elections , and the largest for either party since 1948 United States House of Representatives elections .
Hosted by Chris Matthews , the program was originally broadcast on the now-defunct America 's Talking ( as " Politics with Chris Matthews " ) and then later , on CNBC .
The last presidential appointee was Gilbert B. Kaplan , who was nominated by President Trump for the position of Under Secretary for International Trade on April 11 , 2017 , and confirmed by the Senate on March 13 , 2018 .
Kentucky Democrats , who controlled the General Assembly , believed that county election commissioners had been unjust in selecting local election officials , and which had unfairly contributed to the election of Republican governor William O. Bradley in 1895 and Republican president William McKinley in 1896 .
However , a revolt soon broke out in Principality of Catalonia , led by the viscount of Cardona and abetted by Roger-Bernard III of Foix , Arnold Roger I of Pallars Sobirà , and Ermengol X of Urgell .
Collectivization is a process pioneered by Joseph Stalin in the late 1920s by which Marxist-Leninist regimes in the Eastern Bloc and elsewhere attempted to establish an ordered socialist system in rural agriculture .
A member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria ( SPÖ ) , he was Chancellor of Austria from 1986 to 1997 .
Ilves was nominated by the Estonian Reform Party , Union of Pro Patria and Res Publica and his own Social Democratic Party on 23 March 2006 , as a candidate for the 2006 Estonian presidential election .
In 2003 , the AFA , with the American Decency Association , Focus on the Family , and Citizens for Community Values , lobbied and boycotted Abercrombie & amp ; Fitch , calling on " A & amp ; F to stop using blatant pornography in its quarterly catalog .
The Victorian branch of the union was primarily led by members of the Maoist CPA ( M-L ) such as Norm Gallagher , while the New South Wales branch was led by members of the Communist Party of Australia such as Jack Mundey .
New Hampshire was won by the Republican nominees , incumbent President Gerald Ford of Michigan and his running mate Senator Bob Dole of Kansas .
For over 20 years he has been involved with Chinese business issues at the China Europe International Business School .
Following the change in the electoral system for the 1999 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom , he was elected as one of several MEP s for the much larger West Midlands constituency .
He ran for Mayor of Agrigento at the 2007 Italian local elections , supported by a coalition composed of Union of the Centre , Democrats of the Left and UDEUR .
The genocide was organised and executed by Heinrich Himmler and Reinhard Heydrich .
The incumbent is Republican Markwayne Mullin , who was re-elected with 65.0 % of the vote in 2018 .
He had earlier defeated Sturt incumbent Ian Wilson in a Liberal Party of Australia pre-selection ballot for the seat .
He was a founding member of the local branch of the Nazi Party in Bayreuth in early 1925 and became closely associated with Gauleiter Hans Schemm .
To travel from Königsberg in East Prussia to Cologne , for example , a shipment was inspected and taxed about 80 times.Friedrich Seidel : ' .
Chandrasekhar takes actions against his brothers-in-law , Vishnu ( Madhan Bob ) and Ramkumar ( Uday Prakash ) and sent them to jail .
In order to protect their political and commercial interests , such as the grain trade , where Rhodes held a dominant position , the Rhodians were active against pirates such as Demetrius of Pharos or the Cretan cities and the Aetolian League ; both of the latter secretly sponsored by King Philip V of Macedon .
After a visit to Santiago , Chile , in order to help the exiled daughter of his friend Bocaiúva Cunha , Paiva returned to Brazil .
Labor ended 13 years in opposition , having lost government two years after winning its last election victory in 1914 Australian federal election .
According to the 16th-century historian Firishta , some Hindu kings including Param Dev ( identified with Paramara Bhoja
They were married in 2012 at the Bevis Marks Synagogue in the City of London .
Tung later on appointed Selina Chow , also from the Liberal Party to replace Tien .
All Italy instead punished the Italian Communist Party , revolutions in the Eastern Bloc having marked the final decline of the party : Secretary Achille Occhetto understood that an era was finished , and prepared the transition of his group to social-democratic ideas .
However fighting again broke out , and the United Nations sent peacekeeping troops in hopes of integrating the RUF into a new national army .
On 6 September 2007 , Israel launched Operation Orchard , an airstrike against a suspected nuclear reactor in Syria , allegedly being built with North Korean and Iranian assistance .
In the Senate , Church became a protégé of Lyndon B. Johnson and established a reputation as a member of the party 's liberal wing .
Fascism in Canada ( ) consisted of a variety of movements and political parties in Canada during the 20th century .
Other parts of Europe had been part of the House of Habsburg monarchy once but had left it before its dissolution in 1918 .
Warner carried all but four counties in the state - Rockingham , Augusta , Powhatan and Hanover .
Giuseppe Veronese ( 7 May 1854 - 17 July 1917 ) was an Italy mathematician .
The son was sent in 1812 to the Evangelic Lutheran Lyceum at then- Kingdom of Hungary city of Bratislava , where he came in contact with the philologist Pavel Jozef Šafárik and became a zealous student of Slavic languages ( he mastered 11 languages and became familiar with a few others ) .
" It became clear that Yale would deny Lynd tenure , and he became unemployable in academia .. Lynd relocated his family to Chicago .
It was used as a textbook for indoctrination until it was effectively replaced by another piece of guerilla literature , Kim Il-sung ' s autobiography " With the Century " , in the 1990s .
The city of Vienna is a federal state within the Republic of Austria .
In 2016 , a Guyanese newspaper reported that over 300 members of the LGBT community in Barbados were seeking asylum in Canada , the United Kingdom and the United States because of persecution at home .
Jurist B. N. Rau was appointed constitutional adviser to the assembly ; Rau prepared the original draft of the constitution , and was later appointed a judge in the Permanent Court of International Justice in The Hague .
The republic was established amid the German Revolution ( after defeat of the German Empire in World War I ) .
As guests of honour , Li Keqiang , Prime Minister of the People 's Republic of China , Xavier Bettel , Prime Minister of Luxembourg , Martin Schulz , President of the European Parliament , Frank-Walter Steinmeier , Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Germany , and Karel De Gucht , then EU Commissioner for Trade attended the conference .
A political radical , he was a founder of the Eight Hours Association ( advocating for the eight-hour workday ) , along with another future MP , John Horgan .
Tension between the king and his mother grew and ended with his expulsion from Egypt , leaving Cleopatra Selene behind ; she probably then married the new king , her other brother Ptolemy X .
Bud Cummins ( R ) allegedly was asked to leave so Timothy Griffin , an aide to Karl Rove , could have his job .
In 1975 Süleyman Demirel , president of the conservative Justice Party ( , MHP ) .
Aside from Anbar Province , the FIA reportedly had a presence in Fallujah , along the Syrian border near the town of Al-Qaim , and in Mosul in the north of Iraq .
The party was formed after the Communist Party of Greece ( " KKE " ) suffered a major split following the 1968 Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia and the suppression of the Prague Spring .
Vargas argued that the unconstitutional procedures in the election of the Carlos José Solórzano - Juan Bautista Sacasa administration voided the nonrecognition obligations of the 1923 treaty .
Martín Lousteau ( born December 8 , 1970 ) is an Argentine economist , politician and diplomat , belonging to the Radical Civic Union .
In March 2006 , at its nominating convention , the party nominated five candidates for statewide office : Grace Ross for governor , Wendy Van Horne for lieutenant governor , Jill Stein for secretary of the Commonwealth , James O 'Keefe for treasurer , and Nathanael Fortune for auditor .
Francisco Franco Spanish State gave moral , economic , and military assistance to the Axis powers , while nominally maintaining neutrality .
The Black Panther Party was a Mao Zedong Thought -inspired political party in the United States , requiring all official members to read Mao 's " Little Red Book " .
The ruling Saenuri Party , led by Park Geun-hye " ( pictured ) " , retains its majority in the South Korean legislative election .
The Sharif government launched a ranger-led operation on 5 September 2013 in Karachi , aimed at removing crime and terrorism from the metropolis .
Costa played several sports at St. Joseph 's Preparatory School in Philadelphia .
Following the resignation of Independent TD Patrick Nulty , a by-election was held on 23 May 2014 , on the same day as the 2014 2014 European Parliament election in Ireland and 2014 Irish local elections .
He has later served as the Swedish Ambassador to Canada , also accredited to The Bahamas from 1984 to 1989 and Italy , also accredited to Albania from 1989 to 1995 .
Fearing the possibility that the peasants might rebel and press into areas surrounding the capital Chengdu while he was attacking Wei in the north , Zhuge Liang decided to pacify the southern tribes first .
Along with these major events was also the pressure given by the Empire of Balhae .
Rensenbrink taught political philosophy and history at Bowdoin College in Brunswick , Maine for one year before taking a job in 1962 for three years as Education Advisor to the governments of Kenya and Tanzania , sponsored by the U.S. Agency for International Development .
Monaco actively participates in the United Nations , which it joined in 1993 .
At the Labour party conference in 1995 , Tony Blair demanded that " instead of wasting hundreds of millions of pounds on compulsory ID cards as the Tory Right demand , let that money provide thousands more police officers on the beat in our local communities .
Ted and Eleanor had four children : Grace ( 1911-1994 ) , Theodore Roosevelt III ( 1914-2001 ) , Cornelius V.S. Roosevelt ( 1915-1991 ) , and Quentin ( 1919-1948 ) .
In January 1994 , Boross met with leaders of the Central-European post-communist countries in Prague , reflecting the 1994 Brussels summit where the United States expressed its intention to enlarge the NATO intergovernmental military alliance .
When it comes to Kingdom of Navarre ' s home policy , he decreed the watershed unification of Pamplona ' s boroughs in 1423 , after over three centuries of division and rivalry .
Phillips was born in North Vancouver , British Columbia , and grew up primarily in Penticton .
He also swept all five collar counties , becoming the first Democratic candidate since Franklin Pierce in 1852 United States presidential election in Illinois to so , with DuPage , Kendall , Lake and Will giving him double-digit margins .
In the 1991 Mauritian general election , an alliance consisting of the MMM and MSM was established again and won the election , SAJ remained Prime Minister .
The only recorded event took place in 916 , when she sent an expedition to avenge the murder of a Mercian abbot and his companions ; her men destroyed the royal crannog of Brycheiniog on Llangorse Lake and captured the queen and thirty-three of her companions .
He became disenchanted by Hyndman 's inability to work with other socialist groups , and in about 1903 resigned from the SDF to join the Independent Labour Party ( ILP ) .Shepherd 2002 , p .
The organization 's president is Hunor Kelemen , elected at a party congress in 2011 .
The major candidates were Smith ( the 1928 nominee ) , Smith 's successor as New York 's governor , Franklin D. Roosevelt , Speaker of the House John Nance Garner , and former Secretary of War Newton D. Baker sought the nomination .
The small but significant support of the PCCh is believed to have aided in the electoral victories of former socialist president Ricardo Lagos in the 2000 elections , and in the more recent victory of Chile 's first female president , the socialist Michelle Bachelet in January 2006 , both of whom won in competitive second round runoffs .
Only after his death at the age of 17 his mother Margaret managed to oust their rival , king Albert , from Sweden , and thus united the three Scandinavian kingdoms in personal union under one crown , in the Kalmar Union .
Writers like Aquileo Echeverría , Manuel González Zeledón , Ricardo Fernández Guardia , Carlos Gagini and Pío Víquez .
In October 2011 a cooperation agreement was signed in Astana between the Kazakhstan i Nur Otan and the Party of Regions .
An end was reached in 1648 with the Peace of Münster ( a treaty part of the Peace of Westphalia ) , when the Dutch Republic was definitively recognised as an independent country no longer part of the Holy Roman Empire .
The case , " Brenner v. Scott " , was assigned to Judge Robert Lewis Hinkle .
Though incumbent Republican Congressman Brett Guthrie was elected by a slim margin in 2008 , he did not face a serious challenge in his bid for a second term from Democratic candidate Ed Marksberry .
Frederick Joseph Laverack was born in Leeds , the younger son of George Laverack , grocer and tea merchant , and Elizabeth Turner .
In 1920 , the first organized communities appeared in Volyn , northwestern Ukrainian , and in 1924 , the first Convention of Christians of the Holy Pentecost was held in Kremenets , where a union of Pentecostal communities was established .
Several of the artists and intellectuals with whom Wright interacted ( including Mochtar Lubis , Asrul Sani , Sitor Situmorang , and Beb Vuyk ) continued discussing Wright 's visit after he left Indonesia .
He studied Protestant theology and political sciences at the University of Göttingen , where he earned a degree in theology as well as a High School teacher certificate .
The MRD could not sustained itself in late 1988 and quickly collapse after the death of President Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq in 1988 which marked its way for peaceful 1988 Pakistani general election , outlined the return of Pakistan Peoples Party in national power .
Madeleine Cunnane Dean ( born June 6 , 1959 ) is an United States politician and the U.S. Representative The district includes almost all of Montgomery County , an affluent suburban county north of Philadelphia .
The film stars Dennis Haysbert and documents the life and times of Lynden Pindling , the first black Prime Minister of The Bahamas .
The creation of romantic art in Greece can be explained mainly due to the particular relationships that were created between recently liberated Greece ( 1830 ) and Bavaria during King Otto ' s years .
On June 9 , 2010 , at the Batasang Pambansa Complex , in Quezon City , the Congress of the Philippines proclaimed Aquino as the President of the Philippines , defeating runner-up for the vice presidency Mar Roxas , the standard-bearer of the Liberal Party for vice president .
Ya 'alon also served as the chairman of the Center for Jewish Identity and Culture at Beit Morasha in Jerusalem .
According to historian John E. Ferling , the jockeying for electoral votes , regional divisions , and the propaganda smear campaigns created by both parties made the election recognizably modern .
" " Sayanna Varthakal " began its principal photography in late June 2018 , and it was shot in various locations , including Ernakulam , Kolkata and Nepal border .
He was Economic Assistant in the Economic Section of the Cabinet Office from 1950 to 1953 , a time when Winston Churchill was still Prime Minister .
At the 2001 United Kingdom general election , Richmond became the Conservatives ' safest seat in the UK , both in terms of the actual numerical majority and by percentage , the seat being held by then Conservative leader Hague .
She is a former chief investment officer of the World Bank and a current member of several well known boards of directors .
A general election was held in Minneapolis on November 3 , 2009 .
It was set up by in May 1975 by the European Council to help improve living and working conditions across Europe , and was one of the first bodies established to work on a specific subset of EU policy .
The magazine 's honorary chairman is Henry Kissinger .
The Resolutions , usually discussed together with Thomas Jefferson ' s contemporaneous Kentucky Resolutions , were a response to various perceived outrages perpetrated by the Federalist Party -dominated national government .
Paul Vario was born in New York City .
Named for suffragist Susan B. Anthony , SBA List identifies itself with Anthony and several 19th-century women 's rights activists .
Clarke was a strong opponent of Makarios III of Cyprus , and in 1960 protested that Dr Hastings Banda , the British-educated dictator of Malawi , had " shouted at me and behaved in a way I have seen no English or African politician behave before " ( Clarke wanted the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland to continue ) .
In 1864 , a memorandum for the foreign settlement at Yokohama was signed by the Tokugawa shogunate with the legations of the main trading nations permitting the extension of the cemetery area to the top of the Bluff opposite the Anglican Christ Church .
He continued to be involved with various international and Lithuanian Catholic and anti-Soviet organizations , including Pax Romana , Assembly of Captive European Nations , European Movement International , Supreme Committee for the Liberation of Lithuania , American Lithuanian Council , United Lithuanian Relief Fund of America , until his death in 1966 .
Public school students in ninth through twelfth grade s attend the Delaware Valley Regional High School in Frenchtown , which serves students in western Hunterdon County from Alexandria , Holland and Kingwood Townships along with the boroughs of Frenchtown and Milford .. Accessed November 1 , 2019 .
On 22 January , Mariano Rajoy turned down King Felipe VI ' s invitation to form a government after Podemos offered a coalition proposal to the PSOE , also including IU , with Sánchez as prime minister and Pablo Iglesias Turrión as his deputy .
Iryna Herashchenko , 10 .
On 14 July 2001 , he was elected Secretary of the newly-born party of the Italian Radicals .
Michael Berkman won the seat in a narrow contest against the Liberal National Party of Queensland ' s Scott Emerson , a former cabinet member in the Newman Ministry .
The Library of Congress even assisted during the war effort , ranging from the storage of the Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution in Fort Knox for safekeeping to researching weather data on the Himalayas for Air Force pilots .
It was also the last summit for Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau .
At the beginning of the war between the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany , Žemaitis was at the proving ground of Varėna .
The current dispute centres on the refusal of the Parades Commission to allow the Portadown lodge through the Catholic Garvaghy Road during their annual celebrations in early July .
Five years later , he was elected the nation 's youngest vice-governor at 27 ( the record was surpassed by Jolo Revilla at 25 in 2013 Cavite local elections ) .
The Adenauer era ( 1949-63 ) was followed by a brief period under Ludwig Erhard ( 1963-66 ) who , in turn , was replaced by Kurt Georg Kiesinger ( 1966-69 ) .
Now a private citizen , The hereditary and legal privileges of the various German Royal , Princely , Ducal , and Noble families ended in August 1919 when the constitution of the Weimar Republic came into effect .
Meanwhile , by 1881 , Russia had completed its conquest of present-day Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan , bringing Russia 's frontier to Persia 's northeastern borders and severing historic Persian ties to the cities of Bukhara and Samarqand .
He won re-election in 2000 , defeating state senator Charles Starr in the November election with 58 % of the vote to 39 % for Starr .
Asian values gained popularity in the People 's Republic of China , Malaysia ( under Mahathir Mohamad ) , Singapore ( under Lee Kuan Yew ) , Indonesia and in Japan ( perhaps as early as the pre World War II era ) .Barr M. Routledge , 2004 , 9781136841255 .
She completed her bachelor 's degree in literature at Tel Aviv University , and her Master of Arts degree in religious studies at University of Cambridge .
The screenplay was written by Rula Jebreal , based on her novel of the same name .
Michele Bachmann was the first to drop out , ending her campaign after a poor performance in Iowa .
Previously she was Chief of Staff to the President of Brazil , serving under President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , from 2005 to 2010 .
The Bructeri were located in the vicinity Wuppertal , opposite the site of the future Düsseldorf , not far downstream from the Frankish city of Cologne , later the capital city of the Ripuarian Franks .. They were relative newcomers to the area , having been allowed to settle there from further downstream by the Ubii .
The Greens Western Australia were defending one seat .
When the United Arab Emirates was formed on 2 December 1971 , Pachachi immediately flew to New York and submitted the UAE 's application for membership in the United Nations .
" The Locked Heart " is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Henry King and starring King , Gloria Joy and Vola Vale .Guide to the Silent Years of American Cinema p.166
He was cleared in 1981 by special prosecutor Gerald J. Gallinghouse , a Republican former U.S. Attorney who had earlier prosecuted corruption in the Louisiana state government .
In the years after the fall of the Eastern Han dynasty in 220 , Sun Quan declared himself king and established the kingdom ( later empire ) of Eastern Wu .
The Old Guard left the party to form the Social Democratic Federation .Alexander , p .
The party considers the 2014 Russian annexation of Crimea illegal and has vowed to return control of Crimea back to Ukraine , hence PARNAS did not campaign in Crimea in the 2016 Russian legislative election .. Published 5 July 2015 .
Blumenthal has written two books based on the period of time which he spent in Gaza Strip and the Israeli-occupied territories in the West Bank .
She portrays herself as a Hollywood outsider and has a group of close celebrity friends such as Rosie O 'Donnell , Joan Rivers , Jerry Seinfeld , Gloria Estefan , and Lance Bass .
In the year of his enthronement , the capital was moved to modern-day Kōbe , Hyōgo , but it was soon moved back to Kyoto .
While the national triennal poll had been abolished in 1987. local restoration polls were held in four " dry " areas in conjunction with the 1996 New Zealand general election .
On August 14 , 2018 , Stefanowski won the Republican primary in the 2018 Connecticut gubernatorial election .
Kumar contested from Begusarai on Communist Party of India ' s ticket for the 2019 Indian general election .
He later served as Lieutenant Governor during the period when Jimmy Carter was Governor .
Malaysian United Indigenous Party ( Bersatu ) will contest in 18 seats while the Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) will have 14 seats .
On 15 February 2018 , Cyril Ramaphosa was inaugurated as the President of the Republic of South Africa to serve out the remainder of Jacob Zuma ' s term in office following Zuma 's resignation the previous day .
The situation garnered national media attention in the U.S. The Gay and Lesbian Medical Association and the American Medical Student Association spearheaded a campaign to raise awareness of the issue .
Upon his father 's appointment as viceroy of Fars in 1393 , Iskandar and his family were transferred from his birthplace of Uzgand to join Umar Shaikh at Shiraz .
Some political groups in Lithuania claim the parts of Kaliningrad Oblast between the Pregel and Nemunas Rivers , but they have little influence .
Deputy leader Hugh Watt remained in his position despite the leadership change .
Instrumental for Cota 's victory were the strong showing of Beppe Grillo ' s Five Star Movement , which gained 3.7 % of the vote mainly from centre-left voters , and the Catholic vote that tilted to Cota , disappointing the Union of the Centre , allied with Bresso in the election .
Minister of Foreign Affairs of Benin ( known as Republic of Dahomey in 1960-75 and as the People 's Republic of Benin in 1975-90 ) is a government minister in charge of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Benin , responsible for conducting foreign relations of the country .
The election was held simultaneously with 1983 Spanish regional elections in twelve other autonomous communities and 1983 Spanish local elections all throughout Spain .
In the movie Vasily Stalin and Anatoly Tarasov deal with a depleted Soviet Union national ice hockey team , complete with a reference to their star player Vsevolod Bobrov , who missed the flight .
Austin was the last Democrat to serve as Secretary of State of Michigan until 2018 , when Democrat Jocelyn Benson was elected to the office .
Afterwards , he worked on other important legal drafts , international agreements , and contracts and served as a cabinet advisor in the Home Ministry , assisting Prime Minister Yamagata Aritomo in establishing the draft laws and systems for local government .
Following Hitler 's rise to power , Brill left the SPD in May 1933 , scandalised by the party executive 's passive attitude towards Hitler ; one year later , he founded the " Deutsche Volksfront " , a resistance group , in Berlin together with Otto Brass .
Shahdun Nisha , an India n politician .
The areas east of the Norwalk river were then purchased in 1641 ( still commonly cited as having taken place in 1640 ) by Roger Ludlow from Chief Mahackemo of the Norwalke Indians ( actually the residents of Norwauke village of the Siwanoy subdivision or " sanchemship " of the Algonquian language family ) .
In October 2000 he set up a war avoidance team to carry messages back and forth between himself and the then-Minister of Foreign Affairs in Iraq , Tariq Aziz ( a matter then confidential , which has since been put on public record in an interview with Hain by the " Today " programme ) .
The " Business Insider " reported that " Elliott Broidy a top fundraiser for President Donald Trump ; and George Nader , Broidy 's business partner ... pushed for anti-Qatar policies at the highest levels of government , and expected large consulting contracts from Saudi Arabia and the UAE .
Three MPs , Andrew Hunter , Andrew Rosindell and Angela Watkinson , were ordered to resign from the club .
He is a member of the Republican Party of Virginia ' s State Central Committee .
Territory of Papua became an Australian colony in 1902 , while Territory of New Guinea was seized by Australia from Germany in 1914 and administered as a " C " Mandate of the League of Nations from 1920 .
He was originally a member of the Liberal Party of Canada , and can trace his family connections to the party back more than 150 years .
Amid the diplomatic crisis occasioned by the uptick in opium smuggling and Lord Napier ' s resort to force to assert his right to act as the British consul in Guangzhou , the Emperor personally expressed disbelief that westerners were responsible for the Chinese-language magazines and broadsides being distributed by the British .
As the waves of protests coming along the 1960s intensified to a new high in 1968 , repressive governments through widespread police crack downs , shootings , executions and even massacres marked social conflicts in Mexico , Brazil , Spain , Poland , Czechoslovakia , and China .
" Contingency measures were being arranged for OFWs in case the situation escalates according to Undersecretary Abigail Valte , deputy presidential spokesperson .
Chen attended the inauguration of Óscar Arias , the president of Costa Rica , one of the few countries that recognized the Republic of China at that time .
Trump also became the first Republican to win Ohio without carrying Hamilton County since Rutherford B. Hayes in 1876 United States presidential election in Ohio .
Georgian claims came from the fact that the area was politically dominated by the medieval Kingdom of Georgia at the height of its prestige and strength , and then came under the rule of a successor , the Kingdom of Imereti and , eventually , the Principality of Abkhazia .
Following the 1999 GLA Act , the first London Mayoral and London Assembly elections were held in 2000 London mayoral election .
The Turkish-Armenian War of 1920 resulted in the occupation / depopulation of even more First Republic of Armenia land .
Defeated Rainer Barzel resigned as CDU chairman on 9 May 1973 , he was succeeded by Helmut Kohl .
Following their victory , the Khmer Rouge who were led by Pol Pot , Nuon Chea , Ieng Sary , Son Sen , and Khieu Samphan immediately set about forcibly evacuating the country 's major cities and in 1976 they renamed the country Democratic Kampuchea .
Spurlock was at the helm of this project alongside five directors ( Heidi Ewing , Rachel Grady , Alex Gibney , Seth Gordon and Eugene Jarecki ) .
Adalvard duly arrived to Sweden where he devoted his efforts to the conversion of Värmland towards the border of Norway .
When the Dutch captured Soekarno , Hatta , and others , he assumed the role of president in the Emergency Government of the Republic of Indonesia in Bukittinggi , West Sumatra , liaising by radio with remaining nationalists in Java to organize resistance to the Dutch .
The seat of government is in Peshawar , thus serving as the capital of the province .
However , at the start of 1933 the Nazi Germany took power and lost no time in transforming Germany into a one- Nazi Party dictatorship .
In the 2013 gubernatorial election , Republican Chris Christie received 82.0 % of the vote ( 1,193 cast ) , ahead of Democrat Barbara Buono with 16.6 % ( 242 votes ) , and other candidates with 1.3 % ( 19 votes ) , among the 1,476 ballots cast by the township 's 3,200 registered voters ( 22 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 46.1 % .
Charlotte , North Carolina and Minneapolis , Minnesota are two notable large cities with a ceremonial mayor .
Öztürk was elected as a HDP Member of Parliament for Ağrı in the June 2015 Turkish general election , having been the HDP 's second list candidate for the district .
The memorial was Lu Kai 's response to a message from Sun Hao relayed to him by Zhao Qin ( 趙欽 ) , one of Sun Hao 's close attendants , when Lu Kai strongly opposed Sun Hao 's decision to relocate the imperial capital from Jianye ( present-day Nanjing , Jiangsu ) to Wuchang ( present-day Ezhou , Hubei ) .
The last Republican to carry the state in a presidential election was George H. W. Bush in 1988 .
Previously , he was the Member of Parliament of Malaysia for the Temerloh constituency in Pahang from 2008 to 2013 representing United Malay National Organisation ( UMNO ) , the leading party in the then-ruling coalition of Barisan Nasional ( BN ) .
Continuing the precedent set by Anh Tông , Minh Tông and Hiến Tông maintained friendly relations with the Yuan dynasty while also reinforcing the southern and western border to deal with the increasing hostility from Laos and Champa .
Tellería 's position towards mounting Francisco Franco pressure for Carlist unification with Falange Española de las JONS is not entirely clear .
Sir Edward Heath records in his memoirs that Randolph Churchill was then chased around Oxford by undergraduates who intended to debag him ( i.e. humiliate him by removing his trousers ) , and was then fined by the police for being illegally parked .
Branting accepted Eduard Bernstein ' s revision of Marxism and became a reformist socialist , advocating a peaceful transition from capitalism towards socialism .
Responding to the questions , former Mainland Affairs Council Minister Wang Yu-chi said that the classified information was to be used for reference only within the government .
This proclaim was headed by Antonio R. Barceló , from the Union Party and President of the Senate of Puerto Rico , Jose Tous Soto and José Celso Barbosa , from the Republican Party .
After days of negotiation with Watergate Special Prosecutor Leon Jaworski and Watergate Trial Judge Gerhard Gesell , Colson pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice on the basis of having attempted to defame Ellsberg 's character in the build-up to the trial in order to influence the jury against him .
However , the German party and the Soviet party were closely connected , and as Stalin consolidated his hold in Communist Party of the Soviet Union , the left-wing party leadership in Berlin also became increasingly hardline , doctrinaire , and intolerant of dissent .
On 5 October 2007 , Ngilu announced her support for the Orange Democratic Movement and its presidential candidate , Raila Odinga , in the 2007 Kenyan general election ;
Tarzi was born on 23 August 1865 in Ghazni , Afghanistan .
A concert was held near the Presidential palace , President Paksas addressed the crowd saying " Hello Europeans ! " and the Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas and parliamentary speaker Artūras Paulauskas cut a referendum cake .
It received worldwide acclaim , with critics highly praising its witty , sophisticated humor , plot , thematic profundity , action sequences , Jones and Smith 's performances , directing , special effects and Danny Elfman ' s musical score .
New Democracy ( , NyD ) was a political party in Sweden , founded in 1991 and elected into the Riksdag in its 1991 Swedish general election , falling equally fast 1994 Swedish general election .
He was from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , in present-day Pakistan .
Later in 1919 , Mercer began working at the newly established Co-operative College in Manchester .
South Africa was re-admitted to the Commonwealth in 1994 , following its 1994 South African general election that year .
It had long been related to Lima , capital of the Viceroyalty of Peru .
With the independence of Federation of Malaya on 31 August 1957 Radio Malaya was split into two separate stations ; the original studios in Singapore was taken over by a new station called Radio Singapura and Radio Malaya moved to Kuala Lumpur going on air from the new location on 1 January 1959 .
Beblawi was one of the nominees for prime minister after the 2012 Egyptian presidential election , together with Mohamed ElBaradei and Farouk El Okdah .
Yockey 's present influence is reflected mostly through the work of Willis Carto and his Liberty Lobby and successor organizations .
The party continued under Friedhelm Busse from 1989 but it lost a number of members to new groups loyal to Kühnen , including the German Alternative ( 1989 ) and the National Offensive ( 1990 ) .C. T. Husbands , ' Militant Neo-Nazism in the Federal Republic of Germany in the 1990s ' in L. Cheles , R. Ferguson & amp ; M. Vaughan , " The Far Right in Western and Eastern Europe " , 1995 , p .
She implicated many agents and sources in the Golos and Silvermaster spy networks , and was the first to accuse Harry Dexter White of acting on behalf of Soviet interests in releasing occupation plates to Moscow , later confirmed by Soviet archives and former KGB officers .
René Paas is married to Protestant minister and CDA party chair Ruth Peetoom ..
Clark was elected at the 2005 United Kingdom general election for the parliamentary constituency of Tunbridge Wells , after Archie Norman stood down as the MP .
The weak central government was unable to effectively deal with the problem , so President Joseph Kasa-Vubu dismissed Prime Minister Adoula and requested Tshombe to replace him .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu castigated the UNHRC 's decision stating , " He represents an organization that indiscriminately targets children and grown-ups , and women and men .
In late 1883 , Wilson entered Johns Hopkins University , a new graduate institution in Baltimore modeled after Germany universities.Mulder ( 1978 ) , pp. 71-72 Wilson hoped to become a professor , writing that " a professorship was the only feasible place for me , the only place that would afford leisure for reading and for original work , the only strictly literary berth with an income attached .
It stars Jenna Elfman and Thomas Gibson as Dharma and Greg Montgomery , a couple who got married on their first date despite being complete opposites .
He founded the Reconstitution Party with Álvaro de Castro , and served as president of Republican Action , of which he was president .
Some of these censorship measures were unorthodox even for the time ; the public performance of " I Didn 't Raise My Boy to Be a Soldier " was prohibited , a ban that was openly flouted by radical anti-conscription campaigner Cecilia John .
After the bill was passed on 21 January 2020 by the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly , violent protests erupted in Andhra Pradesh , particularly in Amaravati .
The Music Division assumes an active role within various international associations , notably IAML , RILM and Répertoire International des Sources Musicales .
François Bizot reported that Sirik Matak sought political asylum at the French Embassy and that the Khmer Rouge threatened to come into the compound and remove certain individuals by force if they did not go voluntarily .
In the 1980s , as Poul Schlüter became party leader and later prime minister , and inspired by Margaret Thatcher , Ronald Reagan , and the conservative wave sweeping over the Western hemisphere , KU experienced a renaissance in membership .
Margarita García Flores ( Monterrey , Nuevo León , 4 July 1922 - Mexico City , 10 September 2009 ) was a Mexican lawyer , activist , writer and politician ; she was also involved in women 's suffrage .
It conquered the remnants of the Kingdom of Jolof in central Senegambia in 1875 .
Hifikepunye Pohamba was Namibia 's second president serving from 2005 to 2015 .
In 2005 the SDI entered in alliance with the Italian Radicals , a liberal - libertarian party , forming the Rose in the Fist ( RnP ) electoral list .
Henry prevented a collapse of royal power , as had happened in West Francia , and left a much stronger kingdom to his successor Otto I .
In 1945 , British governor Arthur Richards presented proposals for a revision of the Hugh Clifford constitution of 1922 .
The Anti-Terrorist Brigade ( Brigada Antitero ) , also known as " BAT " is SRI 's Special Actions Unit and the main anti-terrorist unit from Romania .
Georgetown College ( BA ) br University of Tulsa ( JD )
The only Chief Minister which the country had known was Seewoosagur Ramgoolam , from 26 September 1961 to 12 March 1968 .
General elections were held in East Africa Protectorate ( modern Kenya ) in March and April 1920 , the first elections in the country .
In November 1879 , Reverend Shirley Waldemar Baker accompanied ʻUnga to Auckland for medical treatment .
On 27 April 2016 , 300 troops and light-armored vehicles from the regiment were assigned to Odessa to safeguard public order after Mikheil Saakashvili wrote in social media about a rash of pro-Russian " titushki " attacks on civilians .
He entered the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy at Etajima , Hiroshima , in 1921 , where he befriended classmate Minoru Genda and discovered an interest in flying .
It was established in 1993 by a former member of United Democrats of Hong Kong , Lau Kong-wah and 8 other Sha Tin District Board members .
At the end of the term , the groups were sixteen , four of which formed for technical purposes as every group could validate the slates of two lists for the regional election ; these included " Civic Veneto , " " Zaia President , " " Tosi List for Veneto " and " Family- Pensioners .
The Japanese occupied Vietnam during World War II but allowed the Vichy France to remain and exert some influence .
Charles Edward was a controversial figure in the United Kingdom due to his status as the sovereign Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , which was part of the German Empire , during World War I .
Born in Dundee , Scotland , Ewing was the third son of the Reverend James Ewing a minister of the Free Church of Scotland .
The formation of the Habsburg Monarchy began with the election of Rudolf I as King of Germany in 1273 and his acquisition of the Duchy of Austria for his house in 1282 .
Pro-Western candidate Mithal al-Alusi , who 's Mithal al-Alusi List won one seat during last elections for Mithal al-Alusi himself , claimed the elections were rigged against liberals like himself , by Iran and Saudi Arabia as he lost his seat in parliament .
As Lithuania was then part of the Russian Empire , the LSDP was inevitably an illegal organization , meeting in secret and seeking to bring about the revolutionary overthrow of the Tsarist regime .
When fraternal tanks appeared on the streets of Prague to crush political reform , the Hildebrandts joined in a protest demonstration outside the Czechoslovak embassy in Berlin .
In 1865 , the Kensington Society , a discussion group for middle-class women who were barred from higher education , met at the home of Indian scholar Charlotte Manning in Kensington .
Sanders swept all of the major cities , including Nashua , Dover , Concord , and Manchester .
The same edits on Aishwarya Rai .
Henceforth the Gelovani clan in Principality of Svaneti , the Shervashidze ( Sharvashidze ) in Principality of Abkhazia , the Dadiani in Odishi ( Mingrelia ) , and the Vardanidze in Principality of Guria ruled as semi-independent princes .
The conflict reached its peak with the Thammasat University massacre in 1976 , which the Royal Thai Armed Forces and Royal Thai Police , supported by the three aforementioned paramilitary groups , stormed Thammasat University and shot mostly unarmed student protesters indiscriminately , resulting in at least 46 deaths .
U.S. President Barack Obama , through White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs , said that " her courage , determination , and moral leadership are an inspiration to us all and exemplify the best in the Filipino nation .
In 1744 , Nader Shah had granted the kingship of Kingdom of Kartli and Kingdom of Kakheti to Teimuraz II and his son Erekle II ( Heraclius II ) respectively , as a reward for their loyalty .
Even though the mainly agricultural province of Thessaly was given from the Ottoman Empire to the Kingdom of Greece through the Convention of Constantinoupole in 1881 , rural areas continued for many years to be regulated through the Chiflik system , which derived from the Ottoman times .
( Horatio Bottomley )
President of UN General Assembly Tijjani Muhammad-Bande and the President of the International Committee of the Red Cross Peter Maurer also attended the event .
However , Hugh Trevor-Roper , installed less than three years earlier as Regius Professor of Modern History by the Prime Minister Harold Macmillan , proposed the Prime Minister as an alternative candidate .
In May 2011 , Supreme Court Justice Yoram Danziger granted Katsav 's motion to delay his entrance to prison until the Supreme Court heard his appeal .
The Liberal Democratic Party of Russia improved its position by 19 seats , while the liberal " Yabloko " and the liberal-conservative Union of Right Forces lost most of their seats .
The Eighth Route Army consisted of three divisions ( the 115th , which was commanded by Lin Biao , the 120th under He Long , and the 129th under Liu Bocheng ) .
The 1986 FIFA World Cup was held in Mexico after the original hosts , Colombia , were unable to host the tournament .
He was influential in the establishment of an OIC summit in Karachi in 1993 to discuss the need of weapons for Bosnia during the Bosnian War .
Between 1987 and 1988 , she was a researcher and associate at UCL School of Slavonic and East European Studies , and in the fall of 1993 a junior researcher at the Austrian Institut für die Wissenschaften vom Menschen .
The Liberals ' Geraint Howells was the seat 's first MP , having also held the predecessor Cardigan seat for 9 years .
In 1918 Montenegro was united with Serbia , subsequently forming the Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes ( KSHS ) , recognized in 1919 and 1920 at the Paris Peace Conference and the League of Nations and gaining a Constitution in 1921 .
Her successor was David Briley , who had served as vice mayor .
Austria , the Czech Republic , Hungary , Luxembourg , Slovakia , Switzerland and San Marino voted with other anti-whaling countries .
It was established by law on 22 September 1933 in the course of the " Gleichschaltung " process at the instigation of Reich Minister Joseph Goebbels as a professional organization of all German creative artists .
In June 2010 , the Israeli government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu prevented Niebel from visiting Gaza Strip .
On July 10 , 2008 , Pennsylvania Attorney General Tom Corbett announced that his office was filing charges against Manzo and 11 other current and former Democratic staff members relating to the legislative bonus controversy .
In ancient Mesopotamia , many rulers of Assyria , Babylonia and Sumer were absolute monarchs as well .
An " attractive stroke-making right-handed batsman , who was ideal in a crisis , " Christopher Martin-Jenkins , " The Complete Who 's Who of Test Cricketers " , Rigby , Adelaide , 1983 , p .
Between 1995 and 1999 , she judged the Elite Model Look national competitions of Denmark , Indonesia , and Thailand .
He was then made the secretary general at Yi Prefecture ( 益州 , roughly modern Chengdu , Sichuan ) .
Despite the decline in Toltec culture Chac mools continued to spread as far away as Costa Rica in approximately 1000 CE.Solano 26 February 2012 .
He then attended the University of Ibadan 1966-69 ) , majoring in French and as part of his degree course studying at the University of Dakar for a year , and going on to do post-graduate studies at the Sorbonne , Paris .Don Rubin , , Nigeria .
On his maternal side , this intellectual pattern is there too , with a lineage of academics with a Portuguese Sephardic Jewish background , that goes back for at least six generations since the mid-19th ( his family having returned to Portugal in the first decade of that century , after almost three centuries in exile ) up to late-20th century , his ascendants having mostly been trained at the University of Coimbra .
The Liberal Party of Canada and New Democratic Party reached an accord to form a minority coalition government .
Hamilton was created Earl of Lanark , Lord Machanshyre and Polmont in the Peerage of Scotland in 1639 , and in April 1640 was elected Member of Parliament for Portsmouth in the House of Commons of England for the Short Parliament .
The original participating parties were : the Soqosoqo Duavata ni Lewenivanua ( SDL ) and the Conservative Alliance-Matanitu Vanua ( CAMV ) ( these two parties were already in coalition , comprising bulk of the present government ) , the Soqosoqo ni Vakavulewa ni Taukei ( SVT ) ( which led Fiji 's governments from 1992 to 1999 ) , the Nationalist Vanua Tako Lavo Party ( NVTL ) , and the People 's National Party ( PNP ) .
Much of the population of Kingdom of Hungary adopted Protestantism during the sixteenth century .
All 50 states and the District of Columbia , were part of the 1988 United States presidential election .
In January 2012 , Peking University professor Kong Qingdong made televised remarks suggesting that many Hong Kong people were disloyal to China and still harboured a colonial mentality .
The 9th District seat was won by Louise Day Hicks after incumbent John W. McCormack did not seek re-election .
Other eventual , notable residents included Henry F. Spaulding , William Appleton , William Duke , Laura Harriman , Percy Rivington Pyne II , and Moses Taylor Pyne .
This playing card from Dutch Guiana ( now Suriname ) , dated 1801 , has a face value of one guilder .
In May 1810 , Macon 's Bill No. 2 was passed , giving the president power to suspend trade with either Great Britain or France if the other should cease to interfere with United States commerce .
In the United States , most states guarantee a secret ballot .
Hector Bremner was first elected as an Non-Partisan Association councillor in the 2017 Vancouver municipal by-election , but his bid to run for the party 's mayoral nomination in 2018 Vancouver municipal election was blocked by the party executive .
Ánh Quang Cao was born in South Vietnam in 1967 .
In April 2018 , United States Senator John McCain sent Kara-Murza a message revealing that McCain had been diagnosed with brain cancer and requesting that Kara-Murza , who had worked with McCain on issues relating to Russia since 2010 , serve as a pallbearer at the senator 's eventual funeral .
After he positioned his forces in preparation for the attack , the Wei general Sima Yi showed up with his troops to defend Shouchun and counterattack Zhuge Ke .
Speaking for the Mothers , she rejected the investigations of alleged Iranian involvement in the 1994 AMIA Bombing ( the terrorist attack on the AMIA Jewish Community Center ) , saying the CIA and Mossad were misleading the investigation ; making a statement that they repudiate " the tragic attack , but respect for the victims and their families requires to investigate and do justice , " without being " politically manipulated in the service of US interests .
The UPFA won the majority of seats in two provinces ( Central and North Western ) whilst the Tamil National Alliance won in the Northern Province .
He clerked in a store in Norwalk , Connecticut and another in New York City .
The ANPP was a household party in the extreme north of Nigeria , primarily due to its mass appeal among more religious voters .
Japanese forces also attacked and took control of Hong Kong , the Philippines , Thailand , British Malaya , Singapore , the Dutch East Indies , Wake Island , New Britain , and Guam .Murray , " War to be Won " , p .
Sigurd Ring is the father of Ragnar Lodbrok who has been brought up in Norway during the civil war , but is now hailed as Danish ruler.Saxo Grammaticus ( 1905 ) , p .
Calhoun made friends easily , read widely , and was a noted member of the debating society of Brothers in Unity .
The by-election provided an opportunity for the return to Parliament of H. H. Asquith , the former prime minister who had lost his seat at East Fife at the 1918 United Kingdom general election in the aftermath of the split in the Liberal Party between those who supported the coalition of David Lloyd George with the Conservatives and the supporters of Asquith 's independent Liberals , or " Wee Frees .
The area east of the Ostravice around Cieszyn reached from the heights of the Western Carpathians ( Silesian Beskids ) in the south , where it bordered with the Kingdom of Hungary , along the Olza and upper Vistula rivers to the border with Prussian Silesia in the north .
Dieter Nohlen , Florian Grotz & amp ; Christof Hartmann ( 2001 ) " Elections in Asia : A data handbook , Volume II " , p782 The result was a victory for the Human Rights Protection Party , which won 27 of the 47 seats .
She was the Chairperson of the Association of Caribbean States " Ministerial Council ; President of the Board of Directors of the Inter-American Parliamentary Group on Population and Development for the Caribbean and Latin-America ; Chairperson of the Inter-American Development Bank " s Advisory Council on Women in Development ; and Vice-Chairperson of the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group .
Karnataka took its present shape in 1956 , when the states of Mysore and Coorg ( Kodagu ) were merged with the Kannada-speaking districts of the former states of Bombay and Hyderabad , and Madras .
But in 1806 , the Senate 's presiding officer , Vice President Aaron Burr argued that the previous-question motion was redundant , had only been exercised once in the preceding four years , and should be eliminated .
The treaty was opened for signature in the United States , the United Kingdom , and the Soviet Union on 27 January 1967 , and entered into force on 10 October 1967 .
Following the capture of the Kiowa chiefs Sitting Bear , Big Tree , and Satanta , the last two paroled in 1873 after two years thanks to the firm and stubborn behaviour of Guipago , the Kiowa , Comanche , and Southern Cheyenne tribes joined forces in several battles .
The Ottoman authorities permitted him to rise to the position due to fears that the often-rebellious Ma 'an or Harfush clan s of Chouf and Baalbek , respectively , would gain control of Biqa 'a .
In 1967 Charles de Gaulle , the president of France , gave his Vive le Québec libre speech from the building 's balcony .
Gramm and Senators Fritz Hollings and Warren Rudman devised a means of cutting the budget through across-the-board spending cuts if deficit -reduction targets were not met .
Although there were no major wars between the Ilkhanate and the Golden Horde , Mongke Temur intended to restore his ancestors ' authority over Azerbaijan and the Caucasus .
He began his political career when he was elected MP for Central Kwara 'ae in the 2010 Solomon Islands general election .
Khwaja Khurshid Anwar was born on 21 March 1912 in Mianwali , Punjab ( now in Pakistan ) where his maternal grandfather Khan Bahadur Dr.Sheikh Atta Mohammad ( whose eldest daughter was married to philosopher-poet Muhammad Iqbal , to whom he was thus a nephew ) Muḥammad Saʻīd , " Lahore : A Memoir " , Vanguard Books ( 1989 ) , p .
Rio studied at the Colégio Alemão do Porto ( Porto 's German School ) , and earned his degree in economics at the University of Porto ,
In 1682 he went to London , where he remained for six months , preaching on alternate Sundays in the Walloon church and in the Savoy Chapel .
Indira Gandhi was the prime minister of India at the time , she recommended that president Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed declare a state of emergency caused by fear of growing communist sentiments.Schoenfeld , Benjamin N. " Emergency Rule in India .
His cousin Karl-Günther von Hase was the German Ambassador to the United Kingdom from 1970 to 1977 .
Ruth Marshall ( born June 7 , 1965 ) is a Canadian actress from Toronto , Ontario .
Party received 27.11 % of the vote on 2016 Georgian parliamentary election .
In total he spent some fifteen years in China and six in India on his missionary work and then he devoted the rest of his life to spreading the Gospel message in Africa , founding the Worldwide Evangelisation Crusade ( now WEC International ) .
As Ambassador to France , he launched a fund for the creation of a British Institute in Paris , which has since developed into the University of London Institute in Paris ( ULIP ) .
He first went to Zagreb , to his sister Katarina who was a wife of Ulrich II , Count of Celje .
He explained that polls showed him beating Democratic opponent Nick Lampson in the general election , but that the possibility of losing the election was too risky .
With this agreement , the DC party recognized the equal dignity of the so-called " secular parties " of the majority ( i.e. , the Socialists , Italian Democratic Socialist Party , Italian Liberal Party and Italian Republican Party ) and also guaranteed an alternation of government ( in fact , Giovanni Spadolini of the PRI and Bettino Craxi of the PSI became the first non-Christian Democrats to hold the Presidency of the Council ) .
After months of bickering within the party between " doves , " supporting Letta 's government , and " hawks , " very critical of it , on 28 September Berlusconi asked to the five ministers of the party ( Angelino Alfano , Maurizio Lupi , Gaetano Quagliariello , Beatrice Lorenzin and Nunzia De Girolamo ) to resign from the government over a tax hike .
In the Senate , Jim Webb ( VA ) was elected .
He was chairman of the Central Region al Sports Council and also chairman of the Venomous Vipers Football Club , Cape Coast .
In April 2001 , the president of the European Parliament , Nicole Fontaine ( who called Massoud the " pole of liberty in Afghanistan " ) , invited Massoud with the support of French and Belgian politicians to address the European Parliament in Brussels , Belgium .
He is a former Australian politician who served as a Senator for Victoria from 2004 to 2019 , representing the Liberal Party of Australia .
On April 10 , 1952 , Watchman Nee was arrested in Shanghai by Public Security officers from Manzhouli , Manchuria and charged with bribery , theft of state property , tax evasion , cheating on government contracts , and stealing of government economic information .
The Ottoman Empire lost the Banat and southeastern Syrmia , central part of present-day Serbia ( from Belgrade to south of Kruševac ) , and a tiny strip of northern Bosnia , while part of Wallachia ( an autonomous Ottoman vassal ) known as the Lesser Wallachia ( Oltenia ) was also ceded to the Habsburg Monarchy .
On October 28 twenty individuals were summarily shot near Kuybyshev on Lavrentiy Beria ' s personal order , including Colonel Generals Alexander Loktionov and Grigory Shtern , Lieutenant Generals Fyodor Arzhenukhin , Ivan Proskurov , Yakov Smushkevich , and Pavel Rychagov with his wife , as well as several individuals who had been previously arrested during the immediate aftermath of the Great Purge in 1939 , prior to the Red Army Purge of 1941 , including politicians Filipp Goloshchyokin and Mikhail Kedrov .
Thapar 's family was newly wealthy , having made their fortune in trade during World War I , as commission agents for the colonial British Raj Army .
It saw the election of Jack Seiler .
" The organization 's president is Michael Waldman , former director of speechwriting for President Bill Clinton .
He first came to New Zealand , in Lyttelton , in 1860 and eventually became involved in the political campaigns of Frederick Weld and Charles Clifford .
In 1920 , Waddell moved to New York City , and consulted on various projects there including the Goethals Bridge and Marine Parkway-Gil Hodges Memorial Bridge .
Founded on December 26 , 1998 at a conference in Dhaka , the party seeks to establish full autonomy in the Chittagong Hill Tracts through peaceful and democratic means .
The sovereigns of this house afterwards ruled the Duchy of Nassau until 1866 and from 1890 the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg .
The film was first screened on 19 October 1907 at the Melbourne Athenaeum .
In 1975 and 1976 he appeared in well-received pantomimes of " Gulliver 's Travels " ; in 1981 in Eric Idle ' s " Pass the Butler " ; and in 1988 as Peter Tinniswood ' s irascible Brigadier in " Tales from a Long Room " .
The method was massively used in Bulgaria during the 2009 European Parliament election in Bulgaria in June and the parliamentary election in July 2009 .
In the face of aggressions by Napoleon , Francis feared for the future of the Holy Roman Empire .
Jensen was the Progress Party 's candidate for Prime Minister in the 2009 Norwegian parliamentary election , which saw record high results for the party .
The party is registered with the Election Commission of Nepal ahead of the 2008 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election .
As Neesima was educated in the United States , he was also a believer in women 's rights .
Economists such as Milton Friedman , Friedrich Hayek and Brink Lindsey argue that if the market is eliminated along with property , prices and wages , then the mode of information transmission is eliminated and what will result is a highly inefficient system for transmitting the value , supply , demand , of goods , services and resources , along with an elimination of the most efficient mode of market transactions
Further he commented a strong approval could result in a euro & amp ; minus ; 0.0255 % sell off , just as in the aftermath of the 2017 German federal election .
Over the next five years , he exerted a strong influence , and focused heavily on improving the city of Buenos Aires , often at the expense of greater Argentina .
On 12 January 2016 , Secretary General of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , Luis Almagro , threatened to invoke the Inter-American Democratic Charter , an instrument used to defend democracy in the Americas when threatened , when opposition National Assembly member were barred from taking their seats by the Maduro-aligned Supreme Court .
It was the first Portuguese ecologist party , and since its foundation , in 1982 , the PEV has had a close relationship with the Portuguese Communist Party and after participating allied with it in the Unitary Democratic Coalition in all the elections , the PEV holds many mandates in local assemblies and two seats in the Assembly of the Republic .
Although Bismarck hoped to become a diplomat , he started his practical training as a lawyer in Aachen and Potsdam , and soon resigned , having first placed his career in jeopardy by taking unauthorized leave to pursue two English girls : first Laura Russell , niece of the Duke of Cleveland , and then Isabella Loraine-Smith , daughter of a wealthy clergyman .
Gama Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Madang Province , Papua New Guinea .
Yuan 's ministry began in 1946 , one year after the Japan ese surrender .
On 15 November 2004 , Watson had been charged with two counts of fire-raising while attending a private reception at Edinburgh ' s Prestonfield House Hotel three days previously .
Sośnica Gliwice is a Poland women 's handball team , based in Gliwice .
On September 14 , 2012 , the U.S. consulate in Chennai , India was attacked in response to a YouTube trailer for Innocence of Muslims as Muslim protesters threw stones and footwear at the building .
He failed in his bid for renomination in 1980 ; Harold Washington , the primary 's winner , also won in the general election .
Jackson had to answer frequent questions about his brother , who was often referred to as " the Billy Carter of the Jackson campaign .
Létourneau was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 1994 Quebec general election , winning as a Parti Québécois candidate in the vast northern riding of Ungava .
Bulhan 's objective was to avenge his father 's death by killing Mohammed Abdullah Hassan himself , he never fulfilled his goal as a result of him having to leave the front-line as a consequence of him being critically wounded during the fighting .
The Morley Borough Independents ( MBI ) are a local political party in Leeds , West Yorkshire , founded in 2004 .
It was triggered by the resignation of the 103rd Lord Mayor , Robert Doyle , amidst allegations of sexual harassment .
He served as a trustee and acting president of Bloomfield College from 1959 to 1960 .
President Woodrow Wilson signed the Newlands Act on July 15 , 1913.United States .
That election year was tumultuous , with the rebellion of the Zapatista Army of National Liberation in Chiapas beginning January 1 , the assassination of the PRI candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio in March , and his replacement as presidential candidate by Ernesto Zedillo .
The National Extremism Tactical Co-ordination Unit ( NETCU ) was a British police organisation funded by , and reporting to , the Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) that coordinated police action against groups in the United Kingdom it described as extremist .
In 1948 he helped organize a Congress that met in The Hague and set up the Council of Europe .
The Edinburgh demo saw 500 people at midday march to the foot of The Mound , the rally was addressed by MSP s Tommy Sheridan and Lloyd Quinan .
He concluded that Bolshevism and American-style capitalism were actually in alliance as part of a Jewish -led conspiracy against the British Empire , a mindset that informed the LEL from the beginning.Walker , " The National Front " , p .
In 2007 the Coalition lost the 2007 Australian federal election and entered opposition .
In 1919 he contested the constituency of Shoreditch in the 1919 London County Council election .
Pedro Pablo Caro Rodríguez ( 12 May 1875 - 3 July 1959 ) was a Chile an lawyer .
Another evangelistic missionary organization , OMF International , has an outreach to place Christian teachers in the Kingdom 's schools .
Rogen and Colbert also discussed the Trump administration family separation policy and the legalization of marijuana in Rogen 's home country of Canada .
Despite the majority of its people being of Finno-Ugric origin , Finland was given the status of being an " honorary Nordic nation " ( from a National Socialist racial perspective , not a Nordic countries ) by Hitler as reward for its military importance in the ongoing conflict against the Soviet Union .
This Act replaced the Electoral ( Amendment ) Act 2009 , which defined the constituencies used for the 31st Dáil ( 2011 Irish general election ) .
He argued that the New Democratic Party of Manitoba ' s plan for health care would " throw money " at the provincial health system without a comprehensive plan for improvement .
Marco Matías Alonso ( born 25 April 1956 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Party of the Democratic Revolution .
In February 2009 , an incident occurred in Medina involving differences in Shia and Sunni customs at the tomb of Muhammad , filming of Shia women by the religious police , protests by Shia in Medina and arrests .
In 1843 Charner was part of the fleet sent to the Pacific Ocean by the French Foreign Minister François Guizot under Admiral Jean-Baptiste Cécille with the diplomat Marie Melchior Joseph Théodore de Lagrené .
Other sources included the heirs of Cardinals Richelieu and Mazarin , and Cardinal Dubois , with an especially important group from Jean-Baptiste Colbert heir the Marquis de Seignelay , and others from the Dukes of Noailles , Gramont , Vendôme and other French collectors.Buchanan , Vol I , 14 and in his listings , Penny and Watson passim
Fundraising metrics showed Randy Kuhl with a significant fundraising advantage ( over $ 500K in his campaign account ) over Massa .
The January 2003 special election of former State Assemblyman Bill Campbell was the first time that a special election was used to fill a supervisorial vacancy ( Supervisor Todd Spitzer had resigned after he was elected to the State Assembly to replace the term-limited Campbell ) .
At the end of the series , Fergal got a job in New Zealand , and Katrina decided to go with him .
On February 13 , 2018 , Peru revoked Venezuela 's invitation to the Summit because of Maduro 's plan to hold an early 2018 Venezuelan presidential election , as the major opposing parties were banned from it .
In September , the Germans began to raid deeper into Kenya and Uganda .
In 1969 well-known Swedish filmmaker Bo Widerberg told the story of the events in his film " Ådalen 31 " ( released as " Adalen Riots " in the US ) .
Dissatisfied , he began an apprenticeship to his merchant brother in Berlin .
The SPVA operated from four main sites : Glasgow ( Kentigern House ) , Gloucester ( Imjin Barracks ) , Gosport ( Centurion Building ) and Norcross ( Blackpool ) .
Upset at the choice of Lien Chan as the party 's presidential nominee , former party Secretary-General James Soong launched an independent bid , which resulted in the expulsion of Soong and his supporters and the formation of the People First Party ( PFP ) on 31 March 2000 .
The government even went as far as controversially sending Soviet Army troops to the streets of the Lithuanian capital , Vilnius , to suppress the separatist movements in January 1991 , causing the deaths of 14 people .
" It has also been criticized by the German opposition party The Greens ' , with its speaker Simone Peter calling the debate over a Grexit " highly irresponsible .
From 1894 to 1898 , under the 2nd and 3rd Itō Hirobumi s , Matsuoka served as Vice-Minister for the Home Ministry , participating in numerous committees and bureaus .
In 2012 , Long challenged Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand in the November 6 , 2012 general election for United States Senate .
With the Armistice of Villa Giusti on 3 November 1918 , the fate of the Austria-Hungary was sealed .
The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings , as Jackson 's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams 's followers became known as the National Republican Party .
In the 20th century , Iberism melted into the ideologies of some leftist currents such as the anarchist " Federación Anarquista Ibérica " and the " Federación Ibérica de Juventudes Libertarias " .
The US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Bosnia and Herzegovina a week after the elections in an effort to push for political reforms to fully integration the entry into both the European Union and NATO .
Republican nominee Robert Frederick Bennett narrowly defeated Democratic nominee Vern Miller with 49.47 % of the vote .
Some favourites came from very humble backgrounds : Archibald Armstrong , jester to James I of England infuriated everyone else at court but managed to retire a wealthy man ; unlike Robert Cochrane , a stonemason ( probably a senior one , more like an architect than an artisan ) who became Earl of Mar before the Kingdom of Scotland nobles revolted against him , and hanged him and other low-born favourites of James III of Scotland .
The H.R. 10790 legislation was passed by the 90th United States Congressional session and enacted into law by the 36th President of the United States Lyndon B. Johnson on October 18 , 1968 .
Whether or not this was strictly true , the many Rothschild homes and their art collections , in England , Austria , France and Germany , certainly rivaled those of the crowned heads of Europe , Mentmore in particular being one of the most outstanding art collections of its kind anywhere in the world.Mentmore ; Sir Frances Watson KCVO ; Sotheby Parke Bernet & amp ; Co , London , 1977
As head of state of the Italy , the President has a role of representation of national unity and guarantees that Italian politics comply with the Italian Constitution , in the framework of a parliamentary system .
The name may have been chosen because the same author had already signed Lucius and Brutus , and wished to exhaust the name of Lucius Junius Brutus , the Roman Republic patriot who led the overthrow of the Roman monarchy .
He was succeeded by Robert Clements , a banker from Elmwood , Nebraska , who was appointed by Gov. Pete Ricketts less than two weeks after Kintner 's resignation .
In the 2013 gubernatorial election , Republican Chris Christie received 1,189 votes ( 53.0 % vs. 61.4 % countywide ) , ahead of Democrat Barbara Buono with 996 votes ( 44.4 % vs. 35.8 % ) and other candidates with 17 votes ( 0.8 % vs. 1.2 % ) , among the 2,244 ballots cast by the township 's 5,087 registered voters , yielding a 44.1 % turnout ( vs. 44.5 % in the county ) .
Kenneth " Ken " Kelash ( born May 8 , 1952 ) is a Minnesota politician and former member of the Minnesota Senate representing District 63 , which included portions of the city of Minneapolis in Hennepin County .
From 1963 to 1967 , Carter served in the Georgia State Senate , and in 1970 Georgia gubernatorial election , he was elected as Governor of Georgia , defeating former Governor Carl Sanders in the Democratic primary on an anti-segregation platform advocating affirmative action for ethnic minorities .
In the 1920s , Paist had been one of primary architects for developer George E. Merrick , for the Miami suburb of Coral Gables .
Jonkheer Charles Joseph Marie Ruijs de Beerenbrouck ( 1 December 1873 - 17 April 1936 ) was a Netherlands politician of the defunct Roman Catholic State Party ( RKSP ) , later formed to the Catholic People 's Party ( KVP ) now merged into the Christian Democratic Appeal ( CDA ) .
He also ran for the New Democratic Party of Nova Scotia in the provincial election of 1974 , finishing third against Liberal Premier Gerald Regan in the riding of Halifax Needham .
The commission resumed its hearings in January 2011 with the former prime minister , Tony Blair as its prime witness .
Staff , with the assistance of Richard Aoki and Black Panther Party members , started the International Liberation School and leased a gun range in the Berkeley hills .
In January 2001 the LS was merged with the Socialist Party to form the New Italian Socialist Party , allied with the centre-right coalition .
In 2004 European Parliament election in the Netherlands she was put on the eight spot of the GreenLeft list .
" As for US vs. U.S. I am not myself Canadian , but several Canadians have looked at this , as well as other articles on Canada that I 've done with US , and no one has said anything ( C. D. Howe for example ) .
He claimed credit for inventing the term " New Deal , " Three phonotapes of interviews of Raymond Moley , 1970 , relating to Franklin D. Roosevelt and The First New Deal and Moley 's diary ; Raymond Moley papers ; Audio-Visual file ; Hoover Institution Archives .
Boris Kidrič ( 10 April 1912 - 11 April 1953 ) was a Slovene politician and revolutionary who was one of the chief organizers of the Slovene Partisans , the Slovene resistance against occupation by Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy after Operation Barbarossa in June 1941 .
Paul defeated Native American activist Russell Means at the Libertarian Party 's National Convention in Seattle to win the party 's presidential nomination .
The first World Expos were held in London in 1851 , and then in France in 1853 .
Brunell wrote of his experience in a book entitled " Strangers No More : One Family 's Exceptional Journey from Christianity to Judaism " , published by Gefen Publishing House in Jerusalem in 2005.Jenny Hazan , review of " Strangers No More .
He lost but in 1939 spent two months as Finance and Taxation Commissioner under the newly elected governor Prentice Cooper .
He was unsuccessful in his bid for re-election in 1916 , losing the Democratic nomination to David John Lewis ( who went on to lose to Joseph I. France ) .
" The Betrayal of America " is a book by Vincent Bugliosi ( Thunder 's Mouth Press , 2001 , ) which is largely based on an article he wrote for " The Nation " entitled " None Dare Call It Treason , " which argues that the US Supreme Court ' s December 12 , 2000 , 5-4 decision in " Bush v. Gore " unlawfully handed the 2000 U.S. presidential election to George W. Bush .
Though he was convicted in 2008 and lost his bid for re-election , in 2009 Attorney General Eric Holder threw out the case after it emerged that PIN prosecutors " failed to turn over evidence that could have helped Mr. Stevens win acquittal .
So far only the Leninsky Raion Court of Sevastopol , Ukraine decided that PACE and OCSE are guilty in libel and fined them 30 million Ukrainian hryvnia s ( approximately US $ 6 Million ) .
Schramme was able to hold Bukavu for seven weeks and managed to defeat all ANC troops who were sent to retake the town .
Unofficially , the Chinese invited the British to counteract the influence of the Americans , who were establishing themselves in China in strength .
In 1287 , retired Emperor Go-Fukakusa , dissatisfied with the fact that his own lineage ( the " Jimyōin-tō " ) did not control the throne , while that of his younger brother , the retired Emperor Kameyama ( the " Daikakuji-tō " ) did , persuaded both the Kamakura shogunate and the imperial court to compel the Emperor to abdicate in favor of Go-Fukakusa 's son ( Emperor Fushimi ) .
The following day , Renzi spoke at a United Nations summit in New York City , focusing on the problem of climate change .
It was founded on 9 September 1989 and was the first independent ( non- National Front ) political movement to be recognised by the Socialist Unity Party of Germany -led state on 8 November 1989 .
He married Maria Shriver , the niece of 35th U.S. President John F. Kennedy , in 1986 .
On 23 February 2018 , at a special session supported by its Secretary General Luis Almagro , the Permanent Council of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) adopted a resolution that asks the Venezuelan government to reconsider the announcement of the presidential elections and to present a new electoral schedule to make possible the performance of elections with all the guarantees needed .
In 2012 , Yoon made her directorial debut with the short film " The Knitting " , which was her first assignment as a graduate student at Chung-Ang University .
In 2007 , Governor Tim Pawlenty appointed Peter Bell the Council Chair and Tom Weaver the Regional Administrator .
It was formed as a union of the Party for Justice and Integration and the Party for Justice and Unity .
Young Bretislaus referred to the principle of agnatic seniority and had the support of the Moravian dukes Conrad II of Znojmo and Vratislaus II of Brno , as well as of the church party under Bishop Meinhard of Prague .
Lyles ran for mayor of Charlotte in the 2017 Charlotte mayoral election .
Linzer was a foreign correspondent for the Associated Press , based in Jerusalem .
Under Prime Minister Anthony Eden he served briefly , from November 1956 to January 1957 , as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ; and under Prime Minister Harold Macmillan he was from 1957 to 1961 Minister of State for Foreign Affairs .
Philip Goldson , a longtime UDP area representative who ran under the National Alliance for Belizean Rights banner in 1993 , is the only successful candidate outside the two major parties since independence .
Over the long campaign , Helms raised $ 7.5 million , more than twice as much as the second most-expensive nationwide ( John Tower ' s in Texas ) , Helms easily outspent Ingram several times over , as the latter spent $ 150,000.Link ( 2007 ) , p .
The only son of Alexandru II Mircea and Ecaterina Salvaresso , he ascended to the throne after events characteristic for the decline in prestige of local custom and princely power under pressure from the Ottoman Empire ( Wallachia 's suzerain ) : Mihnea had to compete with a foreign pretender , the Lombard physician Rosso , who claimed to be descended from a Wallachian ruler , Xenopol , p.14-15 and ultimately succeeded after enlisting the help of his grandmother , the influential Lady Chiajna .Xenopol , p.15
The proposal was rejected by Perón , exiled in Spain , who formed the FRECILINA ( " Frente Cívico de Liberación Nacional " , Civic Front of National Liberation ) , headed by his delegate Héctor José Cámpora and which gathered the Justicialist Party and the " Movimiento de Integración y Desarrollo " ( MID ) , headed by Arturo Frondizi .
To be awarded the Dominican Campaign Medal , a servicemember must have performed active military duty in the Dominican Republic between the dates of May 5 and December 4 , 1916.Grosvenor , Gilber Hovey .
Pryor first defeated former Governor Orval Faubus in the primary and then crushed the Republican nominee , Ken Coon , who would also later chair the Arkansas GOP .
Siwatibau led a group called Concerned Mothers Group Against the Bill in opposition to controversial legislation proposed by the government of Laisenia Qarase in early 2005 , to make provision for amnesty to be granted to persons convicted of involvement in the coup of 2000 .
On 1 September 1934 , Turauskas returned to the Lithuanian Diplomatic Service - he was appointed as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Czechoslovakia with residence in Prague .
After Imperial Japan surrendered to Allies of World War II forces on August 15 , 1945 , the 35-year Japanese occupation of Korea finally came to an end .
A category for the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) .
The proposal was well received , considering that the Director - the first to be appointed - at the time , Jaime C. de Veyra , was an ethnic Waray - Visayan .
The party targeted the 14-15 million voters in Christian regions of Indonesia in the 2009 Indonesian legislative election , hoping to gain 30 percent of the votes in those areas .
It is endemic to the Western Province in the Solomon Islands .
He did not stand at the December 1910 United Kingdom general election .
Despite being born an Athenian citizen , Xenophon was also associated with Sparta , the traditional enemy of Athens .
He became involved in Labour politics and was elected Member of Parliament for Sedgefield in 1983 United Kingdom general election .
In the 2016 United Nations Security Council election , Gentiloni and his Dutch counterpart Bert Koenders agreed on splitting a two-year term on the United Nations Security Council after the United Nations General Assembly was deadlocked on whether to choose Italy or the Netherlands following five rounds of voting for the last remaining 2017-18 seat .
He was buried in his wife 's family 's vault in the Franciscan monastery of Engelberg at Grossheubach , Kingdom of Bavaria .
" Akosita Havili Lavulavu ( born 1985 ) is a Tonga n politician and a member of the Legislative Assembly of Tonga for Vavaʻu 16 .
On 25 April 2010 , Tsai participated in a televised debate against President and Kuomintang chairman Ma Ying-jeou over a proposed trade agreement , the Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement ( ECFA ) ; while President Ma believed ECFA would increase Taiwanese exports to mainland China and lower unemployment rate s , Tsai said it " will force Taiwan to open up for cheap Chinese exports eventually " and certain domestic industries will be harmed by the mainland trade invasion .
Dale currently co-hosts a weekly political and current affairs podcast , entitled ' For The Many ' , alongside former Home Secretary and Labour MP Jacqui Smith .
Hiram Ulysses Grant was born in Point Pleasant , Ohio , on April 27 , 1822 , to Jesse Root Grant , a tanner and merchant , and Hannah Simpson Grant .
There have been a variety of other conspiracy references on the page , some involving John F. Kennedy .
On 4 July 2018 , a conference of the Internal Security Forces took place in Raqqa .
When acting U.S. ambassador William Trueheart warned that development aid might be withheld if the repression orchestrated by the Ngôs continued , Madame Nhu denounced it as " blackmail .
The Slavonian Military Frontier ( ) was a district of the Military Frontier , a territory in the Habsburg Monarchy , first during the period of the Austrian Empire and then during the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy .
The wetland has been identified as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International because it provides nesting , resting , and feeding habitat for over 40 bird species , including a breeding colony of least tern s and wintering common tern s .
Since 1 March 2020 the ministry is headed by Ernesto Talvi .
The Progressive Conservative candidate , former police sergeant Mike Ellis won a narrow victory over Wildrose Party candidate Sheila Taylor .
In addition to the five delegates assigned as representatives of the various " Eastern peoples " of the former Russian empire , six regular and two consultative delegates were in attendance , including such key figures of the Russian Communist Party as Lenin , Trotsky , Grigori Zinoviev , Nikolai Bukharin , Georgii Chicherin , V.V. Vorovsky , and Valerian Osinsky .
Of these , 124 were Sinn Féin members , who formed the TDs of the Second Dáil .
When Chancellor Angela Merkel stated her intention not to seek re-election for the CDU party leadership in 2018 , Spahn announced his intention to stand for election as her successor in 2018 Christian Democratic Union of Germany leadership election .
" Soon after , Perlstein moved from New York to Chicago .
He graduated at the University of Cagliari and works as an oncologist in Nuoro .
These positions are currently held by the head of government Kim Jae-ryong , the head of state Choe Ryong-hae , and the head of the military , Kim Il-sung 's grandson , Kim Jong-un .
Bob Bowers was born on October 28 , 1947 , in Peterborough .
Annie Lee Cooper attempts to register to vote in Selma , Alabama but is prevented by the white registrar .
Code Pink protesters were present at the National Rifle Association ' s ( NRA ) first press conference following the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , where NRA 's Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre advocated placing armed guards in schools and said " The only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is with a good guy with a gun .
The party contested the 2004 general elections as part of the Coordination of Democratic Forces ( CFD ) alliance with the main opposition party , the Nigerien Party for Democracy and Socialism ( PNDS ) and nine other parties , including the Nigerien Progressive Party - African Democratic Rally , the Nigerien Self-Management Party and the Union of Independent Nigeriens ( UNI ) .
The Secretary General of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) Luis Almagro and the Venezuelan Attorney General in exile Luisa Ortega Díaz blamed the government for the death of councilman García and described it as another violation of human rights in the country .
In 2010 , governments , political parties , civil society and United Nations country representatives from 14 African countries in Kenya agreed upon a working definition of " infrastructures for peace " as a " dynamic network of interdependent structures , mechanisms , resources , values and skills which , through dialogue and consultation , contribute to conflict prevention and peacebuilding in a society .
The airline has its head office on the top floor of the main building of Kigali International Airport in Kigali , Rwanda .. " " Telcom House , Boulevard delumuganda , Kigli , Kacyiru "
On this news , Joseph Brant and the rest of St. Leger 's Indians withdrew .
In 1964 , Austrian channel ORF 2 presented an adaptation of the trilogy by Leopold Lindtberg under the title " Heinrich VI " .
Rodríguez received an Associate degree in Secretarial Sciences from the University of Puerto Rico , and later completed a Bachelor 's degree as Vocational Teacher .
In 1990 , she was transferred to the FBI 's Minneapolis field office , where she became Chief Division Counsel .
Therefore , many Liberty Party members met in Buffalo , New York , with other groups in August 1848 to form the Free Soil Party , a party that although opposed to slavery was not strictly speaking abolitionist .
Strips about America 's wars have also generated controversy , including Vietnam , Grenada , Panama and both Gulf Wars .
San Francisco 's flower children , also called " hippies " by local newspaper columnist Herb Caen , adopted new styles of dress , experimented with psychedelic drug s , lived communally and developed a vibrant music scene .
The Belarusian Popular Front " Adradžeńnie " ( BPF , ) was a social and political movement in Belarus in late 1980s and the 1990s which led Belarus to its independence from the Soviet Union .
The ticket of Ed Clark and David H. Koch spent several million dollars on this political campaign and earned more than one percent of the popular vote with almost one million votes .
( 14 ) Missile attack ( 21 Tomahawk Cruise Missiles ) destroying the Al Shifa Pharmaceutical Plant in Khartoum which provided the majority of all medicines for Sudan ( 1998 ) Bill Clinton ( D ) ;
The notion of a unifying " national identity " also extends to countries that host multiple ethnic or language groups , such as India .
The Ofala Nnewi is a cultural festival held every year to celebrate the coronation of the Igwe of Nnewi .
The Cambodia Democratic Movement for National Rescue ( CDMNR ) is an electoral alliance between the two main democratic opposition parties in Cambodia , the Sam Rainsy Party and the Human Rights Party founded in mid-2012 to run together in the 2013 Cambodian general election .
Uddabh Barman is an India n communist politician .
It was defended at the Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences on 10 April 1998 ( in Kyrgyz language ) .
In early 2012 , Keith Judd , a FCI Texarkana inmate serving a 17-year sentence for extortion , filed papers to run for president in the 2012 United States presidential election , On May 8 , 2012 , Judd won 41 % of the primary vote in West Virginia against incumbent Barack Obama , a higher percentage of the vote in one state than any other primary opponent of Obama had hitherto achieved in 2012 ( a figure later surpassed by .
However , this time he was defeated by Republican Saxby Chambliss .
) and Evan Bayh ( D-Ind .
By late 1994 , the Taliban had captured Kandahar , in 1995 they took Herat , in early September 1996 they took Jalalabad , and eventually in late September 1996 they captured Kabul .
The subsequent October Revolution and the rule of the Bolshevik s under Vladimir Lenin disrupted the life the family had previously enjoyed .
In the 2012 presidential election , Democrat Barack Obama received 52.6 % of the vote ( 1,109 cast ) , ahead of Republican Mitt Romney with 46.3 % ( 976 votes ) , and other candidates with 1.0 % ( 22 votes ) , among the 2,119 ballots cast by the borough 's 3,857 registered voters ( 12 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 54.9 % .
At the 1876 Democratic National Convention , Tilden easily won the required two-thirds of delegates to win the Democratic presidential nomination on the first ballot , winning 535 delegates to 140.5 for his nearest rival Indiana Governor Thomas A. Hendricks .
Domingo Cullen , from Santa Fe , promoted the secession of all provinces , leaving Buenos Aires alone in the conflict .
Fahey was elected at the 1996 Australian federal election , and served as Minister for Finance and Administration in the Howard government .
The 2017 Exercício Felino Military exercise taking place in Academia Militar das Agulhas Negras , Resende , in the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , aims for the increased interoperability of the armed forces of Angola , Brazil , Capo Verde , Equatorial Guinea , Guinea-Bissau , Mozambique , Portugal , São Tomé and Príncipe , and Timor-Leste .
Under the screen name B. D. Merrill , she played a minor role as the next-door neighbor 's daughter in " What Ever Happened to Baby Jane ? " ( 1962 ) , in which her mother co-starred with her rival Joan Crawford .
Along with Satsuki Katayama and Makiko Fujino , Koike became known as one of Koizumi 's " assassins " in the 2005 Japanese general election , running in Tokyo against an LDP hardliner candidate who opposed Koizumi 's policies .
Other prominent political parties include the royalist FUNCINPEC and the erstwhile Cambodia National Rescue Party that was dissolved by the Supreme Court in 2017 .
National won another term at the 1996 New Zealand general election , but was forced into a coalition with New Zealand First .
The only " erg " or " sand sea " in Western Sahara ( known as " Galb Azefal " ) is located nearby , where it runs from south-west to north-east from Mauritania into Western Sahara and back into Mauritania , where the border forms a right angle ..
He spent his days at the offices of Jaworski , the Watergate Special Prosecutor , and testifying in the trial of Watergate conspirators John N. Mitchell , H. R. Haldeman , John Ehrlichman , Robert Mardian , and Kenneth Parkinson , which concluded in December .
The new state had the objective characteristics of a republic and was referred to as such by de Valera himself , but , it remained within the Commonwealth of Nations and was regarded by the British as a Dominion , like Canada , Australia , New Zealand , and South Africa .
In the United Kingdom , a secretary of state ( SofS ) is a Cabinet minister in charge of a government department ( though not all departments are headed by a secretary of state , e.g. HM Treasury is headed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) .
However , at least one prominent political journalist in Quebec , " The Gazette s Don Macpherson , has asserted that some other criticism of Boisclair - particularly a persistent notion among some voters that he was too cosmopolitan and " Montreal " - may in fact have been code for lingering voter discomfort with the idea of electing an openly gay premier.Don MacPherson , " , October 16 , 2007 .
McLeod was re-elected by a landslide in the 1999 Ontario general election , in the redistributed riding of Thunder Bay - Atikokan .
During his time in parliament , he was a member of the Committee on Transport and Tourism and the delegation for relations with South Africa .
This title came into existence when Queen Henrietta Maria ( 1609-1669 ) , another daughter of King Henry IV of France , and the wife of King Charles I of England ( 1600-1649 ) , wanted to imitate in the Kingdom of England the way in which the eldest daughter of the sovereign in France was styled " Madame Royale .
Kovon Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Madang Province , Papua New Guinea .
During the Weimar Republic , the Institute established a reputation for competence in international economics .
A history of Darebin Greeks and their political involvement , ' " Neos Kosmos English Edition " Darebin Special , 20 December , p.8 Socrates PapadopoulosGeoffrey Sherington ( 1980 ) , " Australia 's Immigrants " , George Allen and Unwin , Sydney , pp.158-160 Andy Mylonas and Jenny Mikakos .
This is a list of Swedish princesses from the accession of Gustav I , from the House of Vasa , and continues through the Houses of Palatinate-Zweibrücken , Holstein-Gottorp ; and the Bernadotte , the adoptive heirs of the House of Holstein-Gottorp , who were adoptive heir of the Palatinate-Zweibrückens .
He was published by the Fraser Institute and contributed to various student clubs and student seminars dedicated to the advancement of individual liberty and political freedom .
He has served as Manager of Opposition Business under Bill Shorten and Anthony Albanese since 2013 , and has also held various positions in the shadow cabinet .
Goerdeler 's parents supported the Free Conservative Party , and Goerdeler 's father served in the Prussian Landtag as a member of that party after 1899 .
The electorate consisted of the entire graduate body of the University of London , as assembled in Convocation , a right secured in 1898 .
On 14 December 2011 , Williams called the current Governor of New Mexico , Susana Martinez , " the Mexican on the Fourth Floor " while she was talking to State Representative Nora Espinoza during a committee break at the Capitol in Santa Fe .
People like Chen Duxiu and Li Dazhao shifted more to the left and were among the leading founders of the Communist Party of China in 1921 , whilst other intellectuals , such as the anarchist writer and agitator , Ba Jin also took part in the movement .
In 1969 and 1970 , Hess joined with others , including Murray Rothbard , Robert LeFevre , Dana Rohrabacher , Samuel Edward Konkin III and former SDS leader Carl Oglesby to speak at two conferences which brought together activists from both the New Left and the Old Right in what was emerging as a nascent libertarian movement ..
He helped build the case for the annulment of Henry 's marriage to Catherine of Aragon , which was one of the causes of the separation of the English Church from union with the Holy See .
Weaver 's win in Chickasaw County was the last time a Democrat lost any county in Mississippi in a statewide election until Herbert Hoover won the Pine Belt counties of Pearl River , Stone
In 1974 , internal conflict led to Shostak and Ehud Olmert leaving the Free Centre to establish the Independent Centre , which later merged into the La 'am faction .
In South India , 18-year old Roja is a simple village girl born and brought up in Sundarapandiapuram in Tirunelveli district in southern Tamil Nadu .
In the 2003 elections the party ran on a secularist platform and won 15 seats , making it the third largest in the Knesset after Likud and Labour .
In England the 326 local government districts were used as the voting areas ; these consist of all unitary authorities , all metropolitan borough s , all shire districts , the London borough s , the City of London and the Isles of Scilly .
However , the political backdrop had been transformed in January 1933 when the Nazi Party took power and converted Germany into a one- Nazi Germany .
Hemant Soren is the leader of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha , who was sworn in the Chief Minister of Jharkhand on 29 December 2019 .
From 2005 , he served as a deputy spokesman for the European Parliament of the CDU / CSU parliamentary group , under the leadership of the group 's chairman Volker Kauder .
However , the identity of Juho with Tamna has been disputed by authorities such as the North Korea n scholar Lee Ch 'i-rin ( 이지린 ) , who claims that Juho was a small island in the Yellow Sea .
For example , since joining the United Nations , Swiss presidents have on occasion spoken at inaugural sessions of the General Assembly along with other visiting heads of state and government .
The Central Bank of Libya and the National Oil Corporation ( NOC ) , also based in Tripoli , have both pledged loyalty to the Presidential Council of the GNA even though the NOC has had good working relations with Haftar and his Libyan National Army after it seized eastern oil ports from Islamists .
President Gerald Ford chose Dole as his running mate in the 1976 election after Vice President Nelson Rockefeller withdrew from seeking a full term .
The Mercosur Parliament ( ) , known also as Parlasur , or Parlasul , is the parliamentary institution of the Mercosur trade bloc .
David Smolansky in Public Radio International said the sanctions targeted Maduro and Chavismo " elites " while having little impact on average Venezuelans .
The district narrowly voted for George W. Bush in 2000 and John Kerry in 2004 , and supported Hillary Clinton by only 0.1 percentage point in 2016 .
She was appointed to the United States Senate by Governor Robert B. Crosby to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Dwight Griswold , making her the first woman to represent Nebraska in the Senate .
Mayakovsky embraced the Bolshevik Russian Revolution wholeheartedly and for a while even worked in Smolny , Petrograd , where he saw Vladimir Lenin .
He served as First Deputy Premier from 1942 to 1957 , when he was dismissed from the Presidium of the Central Committee by Nikita Khrushchev .
After the fall of Later Yan , Han Chinese drove the Xianbei Murong clan northward and established Northern Yan in its place .
Although she did not perform well here , Hillary Rodham Clinton received two major endorsements from the state 's two U.S. Senators Daniel Inouye and Daniel Akaka .
Mikhail Olegovich Smirnov ( ; born 3 June 1990 ) is a Russia n professional football er .
Seats were allocated to constituencies , corresponding to the provinces of Badajoz and Cáceres .
Hácha , Prime Minister Alois Eliáš , and the Czechoslovak resistance acknowledged Beneš 's leadership .
There had been rumours that Helmut Kohl would resign and allow Wolfgang Schäuble to take the reins of the CDU but these rumours were rendered obsolete when Kohl announced in April 1997 that he would seek the chancellorship for a sixth term .
He replaced outgoing MP Georgina te Heuheu and also received the associate portfolios of Justice and Social Development .
In the 1970s , he founded Crossroad Baptist Church in Pensacola , Florida , which President Ronald Reagan recognized for its growth and influence .
At the time , the majority of immigrants supported Thomas Jefferson and the Democratic-Republican Party , the political opponents of the Federalists .
There was however an Independent Labour Party candidate , William Bland , who ran on a " Peace by Negotiation " platform .
Henry VIII ' s most frequently used residence was , in fact , at Hampton Court , which was then outside London .
This poor woman is only known for one thing : being the mother of Jade Goody .
Wu was educated at the Wah Yan College , Hong Kong and graduated from the University of Hong Kong with the Bachelor of Medicine , Bachelor of Surgery ( BMMS ) in 1963 .
In Paris in 1772 she met Benjamin Franklin , subsequently a leader of the American Revolution , and the French philosophers Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Voltaire , who were bringing new ideas to the old order .
President Bush called Chinese President Hu Jintao March 26 , 2008 to express his concern about China 's crackdown on protesters in Tibet since March 10 , 2008 .
The alliance was founded on 14 December 2017 by former Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi .
On his first visit as Germany 's foreign minister in 2006 , his tour to Libya , Algeria , Tunisia , Morocco and Mauritania was aimed at preparing Germany for its presidency of the EU and the G8 the following year ..
Craig was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly created under the Sunningdale Agreement , and he won a seat in the UK Parliament at the February 1974 United Kingdom general election for East Belfast .
Holmes had been appointed by Mayor Rahm Emanuel in 2013 .
Enos T. Throop was narrowly re-elected Governor , a large Jacksonian majority was elected to the Assembly , and five of the nine State Senators elected were Jacksonian Democrats .
Nonetheless by 1914 Redmond had become a nationalist hero of Parnellite stature and could have had every expectation of becoming head of a new Irish government in Dublin .
On September 13 she addressed gatherings at McGill University in Montreal and at the University of Ottawa ,
He was commanding the Auckland Military District at the time of the outbreak of the First World War and was appointed the commander of the Samoa Expeditionary Force , dispatched from New Zealand to occupy the island of Samoa , a territory of the German Empire at the time .
He was elected on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party ( NPP ) and won a majority of 11,478 MPs elected in the Ghanaian parliamentary election , 2008 votes to become the MP .
The self-proclaimed monarch may be of an established state , such as Zog I of Albania , or of an unrecognised micronation , such as Leonard Casley of Principality of Hutt River , Western Australia .
William Samuel Sarel CB CBE ( 18 August 1861 & amp ; ndash ; 5 August 1933 ) was a United Kingdom civil servant who served as Assistant and then Deputy Accountant-General of the Navy .
Roberta Pinotti was born in Genoa , in 1961 ; she holds a degree in modern literature at the University of Genoa and is a teacher of Italian in high schools .
In the 1970 South Carolina gubernatorial election , in which McNair was constitutionally barred from seeking a second full term , West with 53.2 percent of the vote defeated U.S. Representative Albert W. Watson , a Democrat-turned-Republican who carried Thurmond 's backing .
Ershad appointed Justice A. F. M. Ahsanuddin Chowdhury as President on 27 March 1982 , a position which he held until December 1983 when Ershad assumed the presidency himself .
Reacting to the inauguration of United States President Barack Obama on 20 January 2009 , Ntoutoume Emane said the event fulfilled the dream of Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King , and he said that he had read Obama 's books .
Sinn Féin , the Social Democratic and Labour Party and the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland stood in all eighteen seats .
Onciul first took a seat in the Austrian House of Deputies during the January 1901 election , which he contested at Chernivtsi .Hallabrin , p .
On 16 January 2015 , protests against the continued creation of cartoons depicting Muhammad turned violent in several countries , including Algeria , Nigeria and Pakistan .
| Charles Black Charles R. Black , Jr and Roger Stone , with help from Richard Viguerie and Thomas F. Ellis .
He sent Li Congke to take up position at Fengqiu ( 封丘 , in modern Xinxiang , Henan ) , apparently concerned that Duan and Du may still resist , but Du and Duan subsequently each arrived at Fengqiu and surrendered as well .
Hitler used the situation to transfer the duties of the Ministry of War ( " Reichskriegsministerium " ) to a new organisation , the Supreme Command of the Armed Forces ( " Oberkommando der Wehrmacht " , or OKW ) , and Wilhelm Keitel , who became the new head of the OKW on 4 February 1938.Keitel , according to his memoirs , had met Hitler on 26 January 1938 to discuss Blomberg 's successor .
The organization 's platform lists policies on numerous topics ; among them are education , health care , paid family leave , taxes , climate change , Israel , Iran , fighting anti-semitism , Holocaust education , immigration , criminal justice reform and reproductive rights .
He was declared " persona non grata " after one semester and returned to the Bronx , where he became a full member and organizer for the Communist Party USA .
Following its election in 1996 , the John Howard signalled its intention to introduce VSU .
Traditionally , Chicago , East Saint Louis , and the Quad Cities region have tended to vote heavily Democratic , along with the Central Illinois population centers of Peoria , Champaign-Urbana and Decatur .
While Saddam continued to hold out for a meeting closer to the deadline of Resolution 678 , President Bush reluctantly offered that the meeting be held in Geneva , Switzerland , on January 9 , 1991 .
Other groups concerned with TSCA 's lack of efficacy include the Physicians for Social Responsibility , the U.S. Public Interest Research Group , the Environmental Defense Fund , the Lung Cancer Alliance and the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization representing more than 11 million people nationwide .
He also held a post in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and was an adviser to the Soviet embassy in Berlin , helping to draft the Rapallo Treaty of 1922 .
In the 2001 Italian general election she was elected for the third time to the Chamber of Deputies in the college of Cortona representing Democracy is Freedom - The Daisy .
Since the 2018 Democratic Republic of the Congo general election the former opposition leader had been in negotiations with the Kabila-allied parties to nominate a Prime Minister , which had secured a majority in the election .
In the 2016 Hong Kong legislative election , he won the seat formerly held by DAB veteran Chan Kam-lam in Kowloon East .
Acland was Principal Private Secretary to the Foreign Secretary ( Alec Douglas-Home , then James Callaghan ) 1972-75 .
China Airlines is the official flag carrier airline of Taiwan .
The construction of the administration building commenced in 2004 on the basis of a 19th-century neoclassical edifice , which formerly housed the Russian Empire gendarmerie ; the work was finalized in 2009 .
The 49-minute film was written by Peter Richardson and Pete Richens and presented in the style of a 1950s film noir .
As minister of culture , he led ideological purges at the University of Ljubljana , removing prominent professors and staff such as Fran Bradač and Joža Glonar .
" David Ricardo , Chairman of the Free Traders in London wished to raise money to give to Villiers in recognition of his work , Villiers declined this .
He attended the University of Arkansas in the United States from 1956 to 1957 and graduated from the Stockholm School of Economics in 1960 .
Budaeus , perhaps the foremost Greek scholar of his day , founded the Collège de France , 1530 , and finally induced Francis I to provide for instruction in Hebrew and Greek .
In 1982 Moreno Rojas joined the political party founded by his grandfather Gustavo Rojas Pinilla and then led by his mother , the National Popular Alliance ( ANAPO ) .
He died on 25 December 1973 of a heart attack , at the age of 89 , and was interred opposite to Atatürk 's mausoleum at Anıtkabir in Ankara .
On 28 June 1914 , Archduke Franz Ferdinand , heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian Empire , visited the Bosnia and Herzegovina capital , Sarajevo .
Lefebvre 's political and theological outlook mirrored that of a significant number of conservative members of French society under the French Third Republic ( 1870-1940 ) .
" Arnold Beichman later stated that McCarthy " was elected to his first term in the Senate with support from the Communist-controlled United Electrical , Radio and Machine Workers , CIO , " which preferred McCarthy to the anti-communist Robert M. La Follette .
According to the farmer s , coffee growing , emblematic in Colombia , stopped being a profitable business because production had fallen considerably .
The Pakistan Medical and Dental Council ( , abbreviated as PMDC ) is a statutory regulatory authority that maintains the official register of medical practitioners within Pakistan .
On August 4 , 2008 , the Online News Association announced that RawStory.com was a finalist in the 2008 Online Journalism awards in the " Investigative , Small Site " category about improper partisan influence in the prosecution of former Governor Don Siegelman of Alabama .
Glenn T. Seaborg , the chairman of the AEC , also gave his support to the treaty in testimony , as did Harold Brown , the Department of Defense 's lead scientist , and Norris Bradbury , the longtime director of the Los Alamos Laboratory .
Meanwhile , on 23 May 1989 , Jeff Kennett was dumped as leader of the Liberal Party by his colleagues in favour of Alan Brown ; Brown led the party until 23 April 1991 when he was himself dumped in a party room spill .
On 29 January 2011 , interim Prime Minister Ahmed Shafik made him his deputy .
On 15 July 2018 , a grand public gathering was organized by PTM at Haq Nawaz Park , Dera Ismail Khan in which thousands of people participated .
His decision to keep all the lights burning at his palace in Alexandria , during a time when the city was under blackout in fear of an Italian bomb ing , particularly angered some .
During the summer Pal earned pocket money by drawing caricatures across the Adriatic beaches , from Sušak to Dubrovnik .
The Ministry of Defence ( ) is the governmental ministry of the Vietnam that manages , coordinates and supervises military affairs , including all military units , paramilitary units , and similar agencies in the country .
Many also speak the official languages of their countries : English in Zambia , French in Democratic Republic of Congo , and Portuguese ( as first or second language ) in Angola .
The main faction supported the ticket of presidential nominee Millard Fillmore and vice presidential nominee Andrew Jackson Donelson .
He also established " The Club House , " a casino in Saratoga that attracted such notable guests as Chester A. Arthur , Rutherford B. Hayes , Ulysses S. Grant , Cornelius Vanderbilt , John D. Rockefeller , and Mark Twain .
However , Wallerstein categorized Frantz Fanon , Fernand Braudel , and Ilya Prigogine as the three individuals that had the greatest impact " in modifying my line of argument ( as opposed to deepening a parallel line of argument ) .
In November 1978 , a group of New York feminists participated in a national feminist antipornography conference , organized by Women Against Violence in Pornography and Media ( WAVPM ) in San Francisco .
He graduated from the school of civil engineering at the Istanbul Technical University in 1949 .
The following year , he became a Fellow of the British Chamber of Commerce and also a member of the Industrial Welfare Society ( London ) .
Aantjes played an important part in the merger of the Anti-Revolutionary Party ( ARP ) , the Christian Historical Union ( CHU ) and the Catholic People 's Party ( KVP ) into the Christian Democratic Appeal ( CDA ) .
It was reported in one of the Pakistani newspapers following his arrest , the police recovered photographs of sensitive areas and defence installations from Davis 's camera , among which included snapshots of the Bala Hisar Fort , the headquarters of the paramilitary Frontier Corps in Peshawar and of the Pakistani Army 's bunkers on the Eastern border with India .
Although Bettauer acquired American citizenship , he was unable to find work , so they travelled to Berlin , where their son Heinrich Gustav Hellmuth Bettauer was born .
Later , in 1974 , assassination researchers Alan J. Weberman and Michael Canfield compared photographs of the men to people they believed to be suspects involved in a conspiracy and said that two of the men were Watergate burglars E. Howard Hunt and Frank Sturgis .
( Triumph and Tragedy - I. V. Stalin : A Political Portrait ) Дмитрий Волкогонов ( Dmitri Volkogonov ) .
In 1965 Mobutu Sese Seko seized power and declared himself president amid the Congo Crisis .
Under the Government of Ireland Act 1920 , it was prescribed for elections to both the Southern Ireland House of Commons and the Northern Ireland House of Commons ( Northern Ireland was to revert to FPTP for the 1929 Northern Ireland general election ) .
On November 6 , 2018 , he lost to Republican nominee and Tulsa businessman Kevin Stitt .
When the Russian Civil War erupted in 1918 , Orlov joined the Red Army and became a GRU officer assigned to the region around Kiev , Ukraine .
Johnston dissuaded it from accessing Katanga through Nyasaland , but it went through German East Africa instead , and took Katanga after killing Msiri .
He was a minister in the David Lloyd George Coalition Government as Parliamentary Secretary to the Board of Trade from 1916 to 1917 , Minister of Labour from 1917 to 1919 , and Minister of Food Control from 1919 to 1920 .
The son of Luis Huepe Godoy and Marta García Norambuena , renowned businesspeople from Chillán , he studied Industrial Civil Engineering in the Universidad Católica de Chile and later obtained a master in economic development at the Center for Development Economics of Williams College ( Williamstown , Massachusetts ) .
During the subsequent War of the Austrian Succession , he successfully captured Prague , where he was crowned King of Bohemia .
In the weeks leading up to the 2011 Thai general election , Bhumibol appointed Air Chief Marshal Chalit Pukbhasuk , a leader of the 2006 military coup , to his privy council .
Sigismund ( ; died 524 AD ) was Kingdom of the Burgundians from 516 to his death .
Prime Minister Ardern appointed Grant Robertson as Minister of Finance , Ron Mark as Minister of Defence , Kelvin Davis as Minister of Corrections , David Parker as Attorney General , Andrew Little as Minister of Justice , Dr David Clark as Minister of Health , and Chris Hipkins as Minister of Education and Leader of the House .
After the Germans had captured Prague on March 15 , 1939 , he wrote an article in " Polityka Gospodarcza " calling for the doubling of the size of the Polish Army .
Smith served on committees of the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty from 1952 to 1995 , and was deputy chairman from 1980 to 1995 .
Jerusalem would be divided administratively , with East Jerusalem ( " Al-Quds " ) serving as the capital of the Palestinian state and West Jerusalem ( " Yerushalayim " ) as the capital of Israel .
The first Presidential debate in Argentina took place during the 2015 Argentine general election .
This was the third BRICS summit since 2009 .
Before the 2015 Saint Kitts and Nevis general election the conservative People 's Action Movement , the Nevis-based Concerned Citizens Movement and the 2013 formed People 's Labour Party founded the Team Unity alliance .
It also spread to the neighboring countries of Uganda and Tanzania .
Azerbaijan is described as a country " run in a similar manner to the feudalism found in Europe in the Middle Ages " where well-connected families are the political elite and control certain sectors of the economy as well as certain geographic areas .
Rudolf Weigl invented a vaccine against typhus .
On August 15 , 2014 , Texas Governor Rick Perry was indicted by a Travis County grand jury , but has since been cleared on all charges. after she was convicted of drunk driving , and incarcerated .
Two daughters , who first fled as refugees into France with their aunt , managed to get to Lisbon , and were reunited with their parents in September , while two of his sons spent the whole war in Belgium .
President John F. Kennedy first placed the " Resolute " desk in the Oval Office in 1961 .
The Italian guerrilla war in Ethiopia was a conflict fought from the summer of 1941 to the autumn of 1943 by remnants of Italian troops in Ethiopian Empire and Somalia , in a short-lived attempt to re-establish Italian East Africa .
Facing political opposition from the Bolsheviks , he decided to end Russia 's campaign against Germany , Austria-Hungary , the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria in order to redirect Bolshevik energy to eliminating internal dissent .
It comprised the region called Moravia within the modern Czech Republic .
Instead , armed units led by generals Carlos Prats and Augusto Pinochet quickly put down the coup attempt .
Another Brazilian , Benedita da Silva , fights for social equality and women 's rights .
Sweetland followed this up by stepping into the supervising animator role on John Lasseter ' s " Cars " .
The British ruled British Raj became independent from British rule in 1947 and became the Dominion of India and the Dominion of Pakistan and in 1950 India became the India , in 1956 Pakistan became the Pakistan , and in 1971 the province of East Pakistan separated from Pakistan to become Bangladesh .
In April 1968 he was proposed for a Minister of State position by Roy Jenkins but nothing came of it .
Rowling was a lecturer in economics when he entered politics ; he became a Member of Parliament in the 1962 Buller by-election .
National Alliance Party leader Ratu Epeli Ganilau , a former Commander of the Fijian Military , concurred , but in an interview with Australia ' s ABC Television ' s Asia Pacific Focus programme on 27 November that in the absence of proof , it was wrong to assume that the men were up to no good .
Born in Dublin , Burke served as a member of parliament ( MP ) between 1766 and 1794 in the House of Commons of Great Britain with the Whig Party after moving to London in 1750 .
Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh was elected unopposed as the fifth president of Ireland .
The Protestant church of Buitenpost is a medieval religious building in Buitenpost , Friesland , in the Netherlands .
Additionally , Michelle Obama , the first lady of the United States , as well as various members of the administration , including Melody Barnes , Barack Obama 's domestic council , participate in the Task Force .
Tho other vice-chairman Sin Chung-kai was the founding member of the party had returned into the 2012 Hong Kong legislative election in Hong Kong Island after serving as the representative of the Information Technology functional constituency for ten years .
Soon after the election in 2001 a group of deputies separated from LPR , creating a new party known now as Polish Agreement led by Jan Łopuszański and Catholic-National Movement ( Ruch Katolicko-Narodowy ) led by Antoni Macierewicz .
166-214 ) was the fifth king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
The Republican Party candidate , Wendell Willkie , garnered 47.80 % of the popular vote.Dave Leip 's U.S. Election Atlas ;
She has placed Caucasian Albania on the territory of modern Armenia : all the territories , churches and monasteries in Armenia have appeared Albanian .
Furthermore , Nigel Farage and long-term Eurosceptic party UK Independence Party used images from the refugee crisis during their campaign to increase the anxiety about immigration that the crisis caused , prompting criticism from some " Leave " and " Remain " supporters .
In 1989 the party did get a second seat in Parliament and until his resignment in 2001 he worked together with Eimert van Middelkoop .
His reign was marked by his rebellion against his brother and suzerain the Sasanian Empire King of Kings Bahram II ( ) .
38 members were elected in the first round ; independent s of the Al-Mithaq coalition won 23 seats , while the Republican Party for Democracy and Renewal , which had been the ruling party during the presidency of Maaouya Ould Sid 'Ahmed Taya , only won 3 seats and the opposition Coalition of Forces for Democratic Change ( including the Rally of Democratic Forces ) won 11 seats .
A New Zealand developer adapted it to create TheyWorkForYou New Zealand , while in June 2008 OpenAustralia it contains Irish parliamentary data from January 2004 to the present day .
The efforts of Al-Dawa representatives and other opponents of Saddam Hussein led to the founding of the Iraqi National Congress , which relied heavily on United States funding .
The Rick Perry presidential campaign of 2012 began when Rick Perry , four-term Governor of Texas , announced via a spokesman on August 11 , 2011 , that he would be running for the 2012 Republican Party nomination for president of the United States .
Born the son of a soldier in Kassa , Abaúj-Torna County , Kingdom of Hungary ( now Košice , Slovakia ) of mixed Armenian ( the surname of his great-grandfather was Salossian ) , " Terence Ball " .
In the fourth century , when Li Xiong , the founder of the Cheng Han state , led his forces to invade Ning Prefecture ( 寧州 ; covering present-day Yunnan and Guizhou ) , Lü Kai 's descendants refused to surrender and led the people of Yongchang Commandery to resist the invaders .
He also contested Aljunied GRC with Sylvia Lim , James Gomez and two others in the 2006 General Elections when he was with the Workers " Party .
He acted as Director of Elections for Seamus Mallon MP and for the SDLP in the Newry and Mourne District Council area .
After the war , he studied law at the Humboldt University of Berlin in East Berlin , but in 1948 moved to the University of Wisconsin and then to the Free University of Berlin in West Berlin .
Torgler was born the son of an urban resident in Berlin .
Barreda , who was born in Ciudad Real , is a descendant of a Spanish noble family and holds a doctorate in history and geography and a BA in philosophy and letters from the Complutense University of Madrid .
Despite her communist past she nevertheless survived , and after the regime collapsed in the wake of military defeat she rejoined the Communist Party of Germany in 1945 .
From its earliest years , the Crovan dynasty forged alliances with the northern Welsh rulers of the Kingdom of Gwynedd .
Presidential elections were held in Azerbaijan on 15 October 2003 .
Republican Party leaders in the Northern Mariana Islands , including Governor Benigno Fitial , had reportedly encouraged John Gonzales to run against Sablan in the race .
Marshal Philippe Pétain , the leader of the Vichy government had no religious convictions , but courted Catholic support .
In 1864 , the explorers Samuel Baker and Florence Baker found the lake and renamed it after the recently deceased Prince Albert , consort of Queen Victoria .
In the west end NDP incumbent David White was defeated by Derwyn Shea and 23-year-old Tom Jakobek won a surprise victory in the Beaches to replace retiring NDPer Pat Sheppard .
The 2015 Alberta general election ( formally the 29th general election ) , took place on May 5 , 2015 , following a request of Premier Jim Prentice to the Lieutenant Governor of Alberta Donald Ethell to dissolve the Legislative Assembly on April 7 , 2015 .
There was genuine confusion and soul-searching in the party over the Asquith-Lloyd George split and McCurdy was to face an Independent Liberal opponent at the 1922 United Kingdom general election as well as Labour .
In January 1968 , linguist Larisa Bogoraz ( wife of imprisoned writer Yuli Daniel ) and physics teacher Pavel Litvinov wrote an open letter protesting the trial of Ginzburg and Galanskov .
His successor , George Wallace , raised the Confederate Battle Flag over the dome on April 25 , 1963 , the date of his meeting with U.S. Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy to discuss desegregation at the University of Alabama , as a symbol of defiance to the federal government.Coski , " Confederate Battle Flag " , pp. 241-43 .
Republican Devin Nunes , who has represented the 22nd district since 2013 and previously represented the 21st district from 2003 to 2013 , won reelection .
The Kuomintang 's repression led a part of them to flee to Mainland China , where they merged into the ranks of the Communist Party of China .
Under the electoral system of partial bloc voting used since 1969 , voters ( since 2007 Gibraltar general election ) could choose up to ten candidates , who do not necessarily need to be from the same party ( but usually are ) .
The writer died in Buenos Aires in 1962 .
Norfolk State baseball plays their home games at Marty L. Miller Field , where they have played since 1997 .
For the first time since 1901 Australian federal election , the post-election opposition won more seats than the post-election government in the two most populous states , Results of the 2016 Australian federal election in New South Wales and Results of the 2016 Australian federal election in Victoria .
John Edwards got former speaker of the house Jim Kreider and Buchanan County Auditor Susan Montee as endorsements .
Alexander McNair ( May 5 , 1775 - March 18 , 1826 ) was an United States frontiersman and politician .
According to " The Realm of the Slavs " ( 1601 ) by Mavro Orbin , Stefan Radoslav served as ruler of Zachlumia during the reign of his father .
The First Federal Electoral District of Coahuila " ( I Distrito Electoral Federal de Coahuila ) " is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of seven such districts in the state of Coahuila .
Incumbent Republican Congresswoman Jennifer Dunn declined to seek a seventh term in this increasingly liberal district based in the eastern suburbs of Seattle and encompassing much of King County .
Cory won the seat back from Hawke in 1923 United Kingdom general election but lost again in 1924 United Kingdom general election .F W S Craig , " British Parliamentary Election Results " ; Political Reference Publications , Glasgow 1948 , p .
He was appointed to the Committee of Agriculture in his first year , and he eventually became Chairman of the U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary , leading impeachment proceedings of Judge James H. Peck of the United States District Court for the District of Missouri , arguing that Peck had abused his position .
President Franklin D. Roosevelt was concerned about American intelligence deficiencies .
Giorgio Galvagno ( MP for Forza Italia ) , former Italian Socialist Party mayor of Asti
In 2017 , PJIU won three mandates of deputies : 2 in Elbasan ( Aqif Rakipi and Bujar Muca ) and 1 in Diber ( Reme Lala ) .
The seat is located entirely within the Awutu Senya District of the Central Region of Ghana .
Democrats lost attempts to regain the office in 2008 Indiana gubernatorial election , 2012 Indiana gubernatorial election ( when former Speaker of the State House of Representatives John R. Gregg narrowly lost to U.S. Representative and future Vice President Mike Pence ) , and 2016 Indiana gubernatorial election ( when Gregg was again defeated , despite leading in the polls heading into election day ) .
After a brief stint in London , he worked in Saudi Arabia between 1978 and 1990 , and opened an engineering office in 1993 in Aleppo .
Theodore Howard Somervell OBE , FRCS ( 16 April 1890 - 23 January 1975 ) was an English surgeon , mountaineer , painter and missionary who was a member of two expeditions to Mount Everest in the 1920s , and then spent nearly 40 years working as a doctor in India .
The interior was designed by Scottish architect Robert Adam : Headfort has the only intact Adam interior in Ireland .
In the general election , Tilden faced Republican candidate Rutherford B. Hayes , another governor with reform credentials .
The 2008 presidential campaign of Ralph Nader , political activist , author , lecturer and attorney began on February 24 , 2008 .
The last election before 2014 Fijian general election was held on 6-13 May 2006 .
In May 2011 , the party supported the re-election of Valdis Zatlers as President of Latvia in the 2011 election .
In 2016 , Democrats retook the governor 's office , 2016 North Carolina gubernatorial election then-Attorney General Roy Cooper , while also 2016 North Carolina Attorney General election a Democrat to succeed him as Attorney General , Josh Stein .
In 1609 , Mamia Gurieli took advantage of the then-ongoing Ottoman-Safavid War and recovered Adjara from the Turks .
The last Secretary of Transportation was Lynn Peterson , who served on an interim basis until February 5 , 2016 , when her appointment under Governor Jay Inslee was rejected by the Washington State Senate during the confirmation process .
The right of election was vested not in the population as a whole , but in the freemen of the borough , whether resident or not ; at the contested election of 1826 United Kingdom general election , 2,276 votes were cast .
Gallus was born in Italy , in a family with respected Etruscan civilization senatorial background .
The Tories were completely shut out of Toronto , where 19 out of 22 ridings were won by the Liberals , and the remaining three were carried by the New Democrats .
He supported the War of 1812 ( a minority position in Federalist Party -dominated Massachusetts ) and opposed the Hartford Convention .
Lindsey Graham , the senior United States Senator from South Carolina and former U.S. Representative for South Carolina 's 3rd congressional district , announced his bid for the Republican nomination for president on June 1 , 2015 , at an event in his hometown of Central , South Carolina .
These featured contributions from some of the most fanatical and notorious anti-Semites , including Joseph Banister and George Clarke , 1st Baron Sydenham of Combe , as well as translations of work by Nazi race theorist Alfred Rosenberg .
The vacancy had been created by the death of the incumbent Labour MP Hector McNeil , and the seat was won by the future Labour Minister Dickson Mabon .
The current Ministers without portfolio are Slavica Đukić Dejanović ( since 11 August 2016 ) , Milan Krkobabić ( since 11 August 2016 ) and Nenad Popović ( since 29 June 2017 ) .
Labus has also been involved with the National Bank of Yugoslavia and World Bank .
When the France invaded under Napoleon I , at the start of the Peninsular War ( 1808-1814 ) , Burgos , as one of the " afrancesado s " ( supporters of King Joseph I ) , took up administrative duties in Andalusia .
He exchanged on 1 November to the 3rd Dragoon Guards , and served as aide-de-camp to Sir George Don when the latter led reinforcements to Hanover .
The company approved free or assisted passages for worthy causes , these included Caroline Chisholm going to Moreton Bay to obtain employment for immigrant women and Dr Ludwig Leichhardt also going to Moreton Bay for an expedition in Queensland , and they shipped plants and specimens for the Botanic Gardens in Melbourne for free .
On 24 November 2011 , Harry Jenkins resigned as Speaker of the House of Representatives and returned to the Labor backbench .
It has also been endorsed by former Liberal Democrat Party Leader and former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg .
The leader of the opposition was Shaktisinh Gohil of the Indian National Congress ( INC ) .
The Social Democratic Party of Germany and others have made allegations that ( CSU ) , Lord Mayor of Ingolstadt , has participated several times in ZFI conferences , while Horst Seehofer ( CSU ) , the minister for food , agriculture and consumer protection , had sent a laudatory greeting to the organization .
Marie-Victorin is a provincial electoral district in Quebec , Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
In November 2009 , the Labour Party government of Prime Minister Gordon Brown commissioned a study into higher education funding in England .
It was a football tie held over two legs in December 1969 and January 1970 between TP Englebert of Democratic Republic of the Congo , and Ismaily of United Arab Republic .
He retired from politics in 1992 , and was replaced as party leader by P. J. Patterson .
On the other hand , his behaviour and political tactics , including sharp-tongued speeches and writings , utilization of political opponents ' weaknesses , and rather close relations with the Soviet Union leaders , were severely criticized by several of his political opponents .
That year , he left to join the newly formed American and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society , largely because of disputes with William Lloyd Garrison over religion in the Abolitionist movement .
According to disputed sources , Aginter Press is alleged to have been responsible for the assassinations of anti-colonialist leader Amílcar Cabral ( 1924-1973 ) , founder of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ) and Eduardo Mondlane , leader of the liberation movement FRELIMO ( " Frente de Libertação de Moçambique " ) , in 1969 .
She received a gold medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City .
A document proposed by Solomon Lozovsky derided the apolitical unions as " lackeys of imperialist capitalism " for their betrayal during the war , to which syndicalists replied that of the syndicalist unions this only applied to the CGT .
In November , the Chinese government dispatched some 400 officials to Xinjiang , including senior leaders such as State Council secretary general Ma Kai , Propaganda department head Liu Yunshan , and United Front chief Du Qinglin , to form an ad hoc " Team of Investigation and Research " on Xinjiang , ostensibly intended on studying the policy changes to be implemented in response to the violence .
The students received free room and board in the Telluride House on the Cornell University campus and assumed the management of the house themselves .
He was largely credited with Turkey 's declaration as a full member candidate during the Helsinki Summit Meeting in 1992 , after much negotiation with the EU and a night trip by EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and the then European Commissioner Günter Verheugen to Ankara to iron out the last details .
The court faction supported Thomas Smythe ( or Smith ) , also a prominent member of the East India Company .
After Conservative leader Louis-Olivier Taillon had lost the 1890 election and his own seat , Jean Blanchet had taken over as Leader of the Opposition to the Mercier government .
In subsequent years he visited the Kalahari , Kaokoveld , Belgian Congo and Angola .
A new deal was arranged in 1939 in which Haijby was forced to emigrate to Nazi Germany .
Since acceding to the throne of Spain in 2014 , King Felipe VI has received a number of state and official visits .
In a 2006 interview with the Mexico newspaper " Reforma " , Šarović said that the Radical Party was not against Serbia joining the European Union , but that it was not willing to take this step at the price of Serbia giving up its sovereignty over Kosovo .
He also worked as a journeyman at Simon Cameron newspaper the Pennsylvania Intelligencer in Harrisburg .
Meanwhile , during the 1970s and 1980s , she expanded her concert tour to include her new fans , not only in the United Kingdom , but also in Ireland , New Zealand , Japan and Australia , where she met and befriended Frank Hardy , who followed her to the south of France in 1976 .
In 1988 , Wilson played an influential role in locating the 1988 Republican National Convention to New Orleans , at which the Bush - Dan Quayle ticket was nominated to run against the Democrat Michael Dukakis - Lloyd Bentsen slate .
He found himself increasingly in conflict both with the state authorities and with the inherently collaborationist leaderships of the official evangelical churches which were keen to retain a level of recognition and toleration from the Socialist Unity Party of Germany .
Turtle Bay is a neighborhood in New York City , on the east side of Midtown Manhattan .
Walter Mondale accepted the Democratic nomination for presidency after pulling narrowly ahead of Senator Gary Hart of Colorado and Rev. Jesse Jackson of Illinois - his main contenders during what would be a very contentiousKurt Andersen , , by Even Thomas , " Time " , July 2 , 1984 which was reaching its peak on both sides in the early 1980s .
The Mahdi Army eventually withdrew from their positions in Amarah following negotiations between local tribal and political leaders and representatives from the Baghdad offices of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki .
So Xiang Jingyu went to Beijing , and paid a visit to Mr. Cai Yuanpei , the principle of Peking University .
His father , Charles Poots , was also a DUP politician , having stood in the 1969 Northern Ireland general election for the Protestant Unionist Party .
The Commonwealth of Nations , initially formalised in 1931 ( the British Commonwealth until 1949 ) , is an association of independent states roughly corresponding to the former British Empire .
The Ministry of the Interior was among the oldest ministries of the Kingdom of Sardinia .
As a member of the DeWitt Clinton faction of the Democratic-Republican Party , he was Recorder of New York City from 1806 to 1807 , from 1808 to 1810 , and from 1811 to 1813 .
He was first elected to the House of Commons in the 1921 Canadian federal election as a Dominion Labour Party candidate in Calgary East .
Campbell 's early assignments included Manila , Brussels , the State Department ' s Operations Center in Washington , DC , and the Department 's Bureau of International Organization Affairs .
Wolfowitz broke from this official line by denouncing Saddam Hussein of Iraq at a time when Donald Rumsfeld was offering the dictator support in his conflict with Iran .
The community-managed Kokolopori Reserve in the north-eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo was initially considered a key to its survival and the only conservation efforts for the species .
He obtained an M.A. from Harvard University in 1923 and his doctorate from Stockholm University in 1924 .
The U.S. program has also prompted several official investigations in Europe into alleged secret detentions and unlawful inter-state transfers involving Council of Europe member states .
This is a list of electoral district results for the 2018 Victorian state election for the Legislative Assembly .
On November 8 , 2010 , National Institute for Space Research ( INPE ) and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) signed a Letter of Intent regarding the Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries ( REDD + ) program .
Much of its funding came from corporate and conservative foundations , including the Carthage Foundation , the Sarah Scaife Foundation , the John M. Olin Foundation , the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation , the Alcoa Foundation and ExxonMobil .
The Sultan 's rule was marked by Selangor joining the Federated Malay States , a federation of four protected state s in the Malay Peninsula , including Perak , Negeri Sembilan and Pahang , established by the United Kingdom government in 1895 , which lasted until 1946 .
Several extremely important articles were published in " Foreign Affairs " , including the reworking of George F. Kennan ' s " Long Telegram , " which first publicized the doctrine of containment that would form the basis of American Cold War policy .
The idea of grouping all Germans into a nation-state country had been the subject of debate in the 19th century from the ending of the Holy Roman Empire until the ending of the German Confederation .
Eid had fled the country to Syria n city of Tartous to avoid legal charges , and is still living there .
Benito Mussolini ' s Fascist regime was keen to avenge the military defeats Italy had suffered to Ethiopia in the First Italo-Abyssinian War , and to efface the failed attempt by " liberal " Italy to conquer the country , as epitomised by the defeat at Adwa .
The Bulgarian Socialist Party is recognized as the successor of the Bulgarian Social Democratic Workers ' Party created on 2 August 1891 on Buzludzha peak by Dimitar Blagoev , designated in 1903 as the Bulgarian Communist Party and later as the Bulgarian Communist Party .
Ronald Wyden was born in Wichita , Kansas , the son of Edith ( née Rosenow ) and Peter H. Wyden ( originally Weidenreich , 1923-1998 ) , from " The Washington Times " .
This is a list of notable individuals and organizations who voiced their endorsement of Kamala Harris ' campaign for the Democratic Party 's nomination for the 2020 United States presidential election before she dropped out of the race on December 3 , 2019 .
A cover version of the Tears for Fears song " Shout " was used in a party election broadcast for the Green Party of England and Wales earlier this evening .
The ceremonial meeting with Governor General Johnston was attended by around 100 chiefs , including Chief Theresa Spence .
In 1826 , Malacca , Penang and Singapore were amalgamated into the Straits Settlements , which were made a Crown colony with effect from 1 April 1867.By the Straits Settlements Act 1866 ( .
Palmer stood for parliament unsuccessfully at Lincoln in 1857 United Kingdom general election and 1859 United Kingdom general election s and at a by-election in 1862 .
Venezuela , for example , provides for substitute legislators ( " diputado suplente " ) to be elected under Article 186 of its 1999 constitution .
In the United States , such limits are usually formally described in a state , provincial , or territorial law ( or an appropriate regulation ) as being under the control of the municipal corporation or agency that constitutes the city government .
Lee was one of 31 Representatives who voted not to count the electoral votes from Ohio in the 2004 United States presidential election .
His reign was dominated by the Fatimid Caliphate ' s repeated attempts to conquer Aleppo , which was prevented only by the intervention of the Byzantine Empire .
The film was shot in 65 mm Dimension 150 by cinematographer Fred J. Koenekamp and has a music score by Jerry Goldsmith .
Augustus was supportive of Austria against Prussia in the War of the Austrian Succession ( 1742 ) and again in the Seven Years ' War ( 1756 ) , both of which resulted in Saxony being defeated and occupied by the Prussian Kingdom .
The Liberals won a majority government in the 1993 Canadian federal election , and Phinney was re-elected over Reform Party of Canada candidate Craig Chandler , her nearest challenger , by nearly 17,000 votes .
1974 , during which time historically important documents were found in the building such as two volumes of early 19th-century registrations of free blacks , as well as the wills of George Washington and Martha Washington .
Currently , the centre-left parties in Europe are united in the social democratic Party of European Socialists and ecologist European Green Party .
Melinda R. Katz ( born August 19 , 1965 ) is an American attorney and politician from New York City , serving as District Attorney of Queens since January 1 , 2020 .
A number of republic s embracing Arab Socialism , such as Syria and Egypt , regularly hold election s , but critics assert that these are not full multi-party system s .
Adler taught mathematics at various New York City high schools during the 1930s and 1940s .
" Launched by a group called The Zippies from San Francisco ' s 181 Club on Guy Fawkes Day , November 5 , 1994 , it resulted in government websites going down for at least a week ..
The writer created a stir after describing Canadian Governor-General Michaëlle Jean as a " negro queen " in L 'Aut 'Journal magazine .
Since 2019 , the PvdD 's political leader is Esther Ouwehand .
Zmajlović finished elementary school " Ljubo Babić " in Jastrebarsko and 15th Gymnasium in Zagreb .
Hughes partnered with former Nixon Aide Charles Colson in his religious work , and even portrayed himself in the 1978 motion picture , " Born Again " , starring Dean Jones as Colson .
The revolutionary period was followed by the violent reaction of the Fascist blackshirts militia and eventually by the March on Rome of Benito Mussolini in 1922 .
Bill de Blasio , the city 's elected Public Advocate , won 40.8 % of the total Democratic primary vote and , by exceeding 40.0 % , avoided an October 1 primary runoff with Bill Thompson , who won the second-highest number of primary votes , or 26.1 % .
Teltumbde was born in Rajur , a village in the Yavatmal district of Maharashtra state , to a family of Dalit farm labourers ..
Subsequently , she moved to Madrid , where she has lived since the 1980s .
An example is the Philip K. Dick story " The Minority Report " ( upon which the film starring Tom Cruise is based ) , which introduces the idea of perfectly predicting a crime of violence so the perpetrator can be arrested before the crime is committed , and the political and legal ramifications of actually using such a system .
Lambussie is located in the Jirapa / Lambussie district of the Upper West Region of Ghana .
The 1920s were a fiercely Republican decade in American politics , and New York during the Fourth Party System was a Republican leaning state in presidential elections .
He renounced his UK citizenship and re-contested the 2017 Bennelong by-election as the Liberal Party candidate .
Rudolf Streicher ( born 19 January 1939 ) is a former Austria n politician .
Three NFP candidates , including Prasad and Draunidalo , were returned in the 2014 Fijian general election , the first since the 2006 coup .
Audrey Marlene McLaughlin ( née Brown ; born November 8 , 1936 ) is a Canadian politician and former leader of the New Democratic Party from 1989 to 1995 .
The 9th district is based in the northern Chicago suburbs , including all or parts of Des Plaines , Evanston , Glenview , Lincolnwood , Morton Grove , Mount Prospect , Niles , Park Ridge , Prospect Heights , Skokie , Wilmette and Winnetka and Arlington Heights .
The Confederate commander , Major General Richard Taylor , chose Mansfield as the place where he would make his stand against the advancing Union army under General Nathaniel P. Banks .
Her parental home was at Brahmangaon in Bikrampur ( in present-day Bangladesh ) .
In October 2010 , Caravello ( along with co-hosts Don Barris and Walter Molinski ) was given a weekly comedy podcast called " The Big 3 Podcast " , on Adam Carolla ' s ACE Broadcasting Network .
Prior to the 1896 United States presidential election , the Populists became increasingly polarized between " fusionists , " who wanted to nominate a joint presidential ticket with the Democratic Party , and " mid-roaders " like Mary Elizabeth Lease , who favored the continuation of the Populists as an independent third party .
In 2000 he returned to Suriname , where he was employed at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs until his appointment as Minister of Foreign Affairs in the cabinet of President Dési Bouterse on 13 August 2010 .
In 1907 he headed the Norwegian delegation at the second peace conference in The Hague .
Under the new plan , which was unveiled in May of 2019 , the MAIS will have six classes like that of its public school counterpart , the Mississippi High School Activities Association .
Michael Dougan , Professor of European Law and Jean Monnet Chair in EU Law at the University of Liverpool , described the Vote Leave and other Leave campaigns as " one of the most dishonest political campaigns this country the UK has ever seen .. "
Hart won the WWF World Heavyweight Championship from Ric Flair at a " Superstars " taping at SaskTel Centre in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan on October 12 of that year , in a match not originally broadcast on WWF television Hart 's feud with Lawler was named " Feud of the Year " by " Wrestling Observer Newsletter " , and voted " Feud of the Year " by readers of " Pro Wrestling Illustrated " .
In the early 1970s the company , by means of Editorial MAPFRE , embarked on public relations campaign , Pons Pons 2000 , pp. 496-7 while Larramendi used to tour the continent himself ; he made sure that Argentina was the most promising markethe considered Buenos Aires the economic capital of the Southern hemisphere and Colombia was the " mas españolista " country.Caruana , García Ruiz 2009 , p .
He holds a Bachelor of Arts in political science and a Master of Arts in Russia n history from Carleton University in Ottawa , and has written on federalism and the Canadian constitution .
He was born at Augsburg , and educated there , at Ulm ( 1502 ) , in Italy ( he met Erasmus in Rome ) , at Bern ( 1508 ) , and studied theology in Leipzig ( 1510 ) and Wittenberg ( 1513 ) .
He studied at the University of Vienna and served in the Reichskammergericht in Wetzlar .
Three of the MEPs resigned the whip in December 2019 in order to support the Conservative Party at the 2019 United Kingdom general election , A fourth , John Longworth , was also expelled for " repeatedly undermining " the party 's election strategy .
With the 2013 Italian general election , Civati is elected to the Chamber of Deputies and promoted a dialogue between his party and the Five Star Movement .
Akkaraipattu massacre happened on 19 February 1986 when approximately 80 Sri Lankan Tamil farm workers were allegedly killed by the Sri Lankan Army personnel and their bodies burned in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka .
Conservative talk-show talent Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , and Mark Levin participated .
Over the course of Sinsharishkun 's reign , the Neo-Assyrian Empire had been irreversibly weakened .
On the morning of the inauguration , on January 20 , after staying the night at the Blair House , the traditional house used by the incoming President-elect due to its proximity to the White House , The service was led by Robert Jeffress , a Southern Baptist minister who campaigned for Trump during the election .
He was supposedly a top choice to be Secretary of Defense or State in 1992 and 1996 and in a prospective Al Gore cabinet in 2000 .
The bill was also supported by David Weild IV , former vice-chairman of NASDAQ , who also testified before Congress .
Lau was the chairwoman of the Liberal Party after James Tien ' s resignation following the party 's poor performance in the 2008 Hong Kong legislative election until 2012 , when she stood down for the same reason : in 2012 Hong Kong legislative election , the party secured only 2.64 percent of the popular vote .
Adolf Hitler ( Oliver Masucci ) wakes up in the park where his former wartime bunker once stood .
By July 1973 he was succeeded in the missionary echelon of Kananga by his old friend and partner , the Archimandrite Chariton ( Pneumatikakis ) ( 1908-1998 ) .
McLain would later run for the same seat in 1998 against then incumbent Byron Dorgan .
Although " The Second Scroll " was not a commercial success in its first edition from Knopf in New York City , a subsequent re-print in Canada 's New Canadian Library ensured its survival as one of the significant works of modern Canadian literature .
In 2005 , Jakes accompanied President George W. Bush on his visit to the areas devastated by Hurricane Katrina .
However , during this two-year term , Justice William Carlos Ives convicted East of voting on a matter in which he had a pecuniary interest , and he was expelled from office on October 27 , 1914 ( mayor William McNamara was expelled at the same time for the same reason ) .
Rumours of the deep state have been widespread in Turkey since Ecevit 's term as prime minister in the 1970s , after his revelation of the existence of a Turkish counterpart to Italy 's Operation Gladio , the " Counter-Guerrilla .
The film is about a secret spy ( Hulk Hogan ) who steals a laser gun and pretends that it is a toy but gets in deep trouble when the people find out who he stole the gun from .
At the time of its formation , the IMPD was headed by the elected sheriff of Marion County , Frank J. Anderson .
Following the 1993 victory of opposition forces against the communist Derg regime during the Ethiopian Civil War , Eritrea ( formerly known as " Bahri Negash " before being renamed to " Eritrea " by Italian colonizers from 1890-1941 ) seceded in a United Nations referendum with the blessing of the newly formed Ethiopian government .
The Battle of Hijla ( 21 March 1918 ) was fought by the forces of the British Empire and Ottoman Empire s during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the First World War .
Denazification ( ) was an Allies of World War II initiative to rid German and Austrian society , culture , press , economy , judiciary , and politics of the National Socialist ideology ( Nazism ) .
The Portugal national airline , TAP-Air Portugal took over some TAGP flights , operating them with Boeing aircraft instead of with TAGP 's Cessnas .
He ran for the federal New Democratic Party for the House of Commons of Canada in the 1997 Canadian federal election , but finished a distant fourth against Liberal Party of Canada John McKay in Scarborough East .
Justice party won the election with no significant opposition and A. Subbarayalu Reddiar became the first Chief Minister of the presidency .
France had entered the American Revolutionary War in 1778 , and Britain declared war on the Dutch Republic in late 1780 after the Dutch refused to stop trading with the French and the Americans .
On 19 April 2017 it launched a crowdfunding appeal in an immediate response to Theresa May ' s announcement of a 2017 United Kingdom general election 2017 .
The party contested the 1997 United Kingdom general election but made little headway and several prominent members , including Simon Darby and Martin Wingfield , re-emerged as BNP members .
The Jinnah-Mountbatten Talks were bilateral talks held in Lahore between the Governor-Generals Muhammad Ali Jinnah and Louis Mountbatten of Pakistan and India , to address the Kashmir dispute .
The law excludes several subjects , such as laws concerning : the monarchy or royal family , the national budget , constitutional amendments , legislation passed solely for the execution of treaties or decisions of intergovernmental organisations , Kingdom act s ( unless they will solely apply to the Netherlands ) and legislation passed in response to a previous referendum .
Amongst the parts of England , Greater London has a degree of devolved power ( although weaker than that of Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland ) with power vested in an elected Mayor of London , currently Sadiq Khan and the London Assembly .
Indirect provincial elections were held in Spanish Guinea in 1960 .
He was an outstanding scholar at Royal College , Colombo , at the University of Ceylon and at the Colombo Law College , carrying away most of the prestigious prizes .
The UAP initially hoped to renew the non-Labor Coalition with the National Party of Australia of Earle Page after coming up four seats short of a majority in its own right .
In 2008 , Kiani called for introspection on the Kargil War by constituting a Commission , and reportedly marked that Nawaz Sharif did not know anything about the Kargil episode nor he was fully briefed on the events .
In 2018 , Clarke attracted attention for using Twitter to promote a conspiracy theory about the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in Parkland , Florida ; Clarke tweeted that " The well ORGANIZED effort by Florida school students demanding gun control has GEORGE SOROS ' FINGERPRINTS all over it , " suggesting that the Never Again MSD were being manipulated by Soros to organize for gun control .
Leopold 's reign is known for conflicts with the Ottoman Empire in the east and rivalry with Louis XIV , a contemporary and first cousin , in the west .
Feulner began his Washington career as an analyst for the Center for Strategic and International Studies , then called the Center for Strategic Studies .
He was involved into politics in the late 1980s , becoming the chairman of the New Hong Kong Alliance , a conservative pro-China political party set up by Lo Tak-shing .
There , the exhibit was opened by former First Lady Nancy Reagan along with television personality Larry King and Laura Bush .
This process had been characteristic of one-party rule under the Kuomintang and Chiang Kai-shek .
TECROs in the United States enjoy many diplomatic privileges such as extraterritoriality , providing consular protection and their staff have diplomatic immunity ..
The results saw Gérard Kango Ouédraogo ( Progressive Voltaic ) , ) elected .
After graduating from high school , Williamson attended Santa Monica College .
Added to this problem , he remained deputy leader of the Labour Party and toured the country making speeches for other Labour candidates during the 1970 United Kingdom general election .Heritage Photo Archive & amp ; Heritage Image Register | Radcliffe , " People "
Austria under National Socialism part of Nazi Germany from 12 March 1938 to 13 April 1945
In September 2014 , the Socialist Party chose Costa as its candidate to be Prime Minister of Portugal in the 2015 Portuguese legislative election ; in a ballot to select the party 's candidate , gaining nearly 70 percent of the votes , he defeated party leader António José Seguro , who announced his resignation after the result.Andrei Khalip ( September 28 , 2014 ) , " .
The Sekihotai also threatened to assassinate former Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone for giving in to foreign pressure on such issues as the revision of textbook accounts of Japan 's war record .
In 1972 , Feingold volunteered for the presidential campaign of New York City mayor John Lindsay .
From this attempt emerged the start of armed guerrilla action against the South Africa n occupiers , and in 1966 the Namibian War of Independence started with a South African assault at Omugulugwombashe in northern Namibia .
When Territorial Governor Andrew Reeder objected , he was fired by President Franklin Pierce .
Porter claimed diplomatic immunity on the basis that he was travelling via Panama on a diplomatic mission to Antigua and Barbuda , on behalf of the government of Sierra Leone , according to his lawyer Ricardo Bilonick Paredes ( formerly known as Ricardo Bilonick ) , a convicted cocaine smuggler with ties to Panama 's former dictator , Manuel Noriega and Colombian drug cartels .
Peacefield was the home and farm of John Adams and his wife , Abigail Adams .
It took place at the news outlet 's headquarters in New York City , and was hosted by " Business Insider " nowiki / ' s CEO Henry Blodgett , politics editor Anthony Fisher , and columnist Linette Lopez .
She subsequently had a relationship with Creative Artists Agency principal and talent agent Bryan Lourd .
Moreover , the Lega Nord won a plurality of seats in the Regional Council .
This represented an increase of 3.2 % since the 2007 Turkish general election and an 11.4 % rise since the 2009 Turkish local elections .
The neo-abolitionists followed the revisionists in minimizing the corruption and waste created by Republican state governments , saying it was no worse than William M. Tweed ' s ring in New York City.Williams , 469 ; Foner p .
During the American Civil War , most local whites supported the Confederate States of America .
One , Jack Nicholson , a friend of Longet 's , sat prominently behind the defense table in the courtroom every day of the trial .
This was the first time since the 1989 Spanish general election than more than one of the smaller nationwide-contesting parties obtained more than 1 million votes in a general election , as well as enough seats to form parliamentary groups on their own right .
The congregation follows the Roman or Latin rite and the temple is the mother church of the Diocese of Boma ( " Dioecesis Bomaensis " ) which was created as apostolic vicariate in 1934 when the country was part of the Belgian Congo and was elevated to its present status in 1959 by The bull " Cum parvulum " of Pope John XXIII .
At the 2015 Cheshire West and Chester Council election , Cheshire West and Chester ( CWaC ) was the only council to be won by Labour from the Conservatives .
During the whole Dečaci euphoria , the public 's eye was focused also on graffiti which could be seen on Belgrade ' s walls .
One of Yasser Arafat ' s closest friends and supporters , al-Masri has served as a minister in the cabinets of both the Palestinian National Authority and Jordan , although he retains an elected seat in the Palestinian Legislative Council .
On 23 September 1994 , the Borough was abolished , and merged with Tower Hill Reserve , the Shires of Belfast and Minhamite , most of Warrnambool and Mortlake and parts of Dundas and Mount Rouse into the Shire of Moyne .
In 1860 , he was elected to the Baltimore city council .
He was a member of the Australian Senate for the state of Queensland from July 1999 to May 2016 , representing the Australian Labor Party .
Kulhánek is pro-European and supports adoption of the Euro in the Czech Republic , but he opposes the politics of Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron .
Instigated by his friends , he was active in opposition to the government , becoming the leader of a faction named after him , the Bedfordite .
She returned to Thomas Jefferson University where she earned her M.D. in 1982 .
It was also the first gain for a governing party at a UK by-election since the 1982 Mitcham and Morden by-election , where the incumbent Labour MP had sought re-election after defecting to the Social Democratic Party against the background of the Falklands War .
Support was immediately given him by distinguished English Presbyterian ministers such as Richard Price , who had his own church in Newington Green , and Joseph Priestley , who among other things discovered oxygen .
Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania were independent states since 1918 after the fall of the Russian Empire .
The constituency 's boundaries have varied widely since its formation in 1921 , but the boundaries in use for the 2016 Irish general election span almost the entire area of the county , taking in Ennis , Shannon , Kilrush , Newmarket-on-Fergus and Ennistymon .
In April 2015 , D21 worked alongside Stanford University in creating digital ballots for participatory budgeting programs in several New York City districts .
Republicans David Dreier , who represented the 26th district from 2003 to 2013 and its predecessors since 1981 , and Jerry Lewis , who represented the 41st district from 2003 to 2013 and its predecessors since 1979 , retired .
The by-election was triggered by the resignation of Liberal Party of Australia MP and former Liberal leader Iain Evans , who retained the seat at the 2014 South Australian state election on a 58.1 ( − 2.8 ) percent two-party-preferred vote .
Augusta newspaperman and U.S. Congressman James G. Blaine was a powerful voice on Capitol Hill and dominated post-war politics during the Reconstruction period .
He became a member of Emperor Meiji ' s personal guard in 1870 and travelled with the Emperor to Tokyo .
The magazine reappeared in 1923 aligned with a philosophical anarchism critical of the syndicalism of the Confederación Nacional del Trabajo , but it also defended the Federación Anarquista Ibérica .
On January 30 , 2014 California Assemblyperson Isadore Hall ( California Democratic Party - Compton , 64th District ) introduced Assembly Bill 1576 .
With the election of Abraham Lincoln ( the first Republican President ) in 1860 , the Party 's success in guiding the Union to victory in the American Civil War , and the Party 's role in the abolition of slavery , the Republican Party largely dominated the national political scene until 1932 .
The Three Seas Initiative ( 3SI , TSI , I3M ) , also known as the Baltic , Adriatic , Black Sea ( BABS ) Initiative , or simply the Three Seas , is a forum of twelve states in the European Union , located in Central and Eastern Europe .
Besides Laffitte , the group included the banks of Casimir and Scipion Perier , Benjamin Delessert , Jean Hottinguer , Adolphe Mallet , François Cottier , Antoine Odier , Jacques Lefebvre and Michel Pillet-Will .
Jonathan Elworthy of the New Zealand National Party was the successful candidate .
The " Hall of Revolutions " is dominated by the battles of Austerlitz , Würzburg , Aspern , Deutsch-Wagram , and Leipzig , and by the Tyrolean Rebellion of 1809 led by Andreas Hofer .
During the time of World War I , the 1918 flu pandemic and many of the nation 's racial unrest such as the Red Summer of 1919 , Donaldson was present in many of these same cities during those dates , playing and pitching in some of the United States ' most populous cities like Indianapolis ,
The Union and its antecedents were a contemporary political force in Scotland , launching the career of Keir Hardie ,
The Portas Review was carried out in 2011 by retail expert and television personality Mary Portas into issues affecting the retail sector in the United Kingdom , and particularly high street s .
Nevertheless , after the proclamation of the French Fourth Republic , the 1947 strikes and the beginning of the Cold War , the Three-parties alliance split .
The Nationalist Movement Party also took two municipalities despite controlling none previously .
Incumbent Democrat Bart Peterson was seeking a third term .
UNLF was governed by an 11-member Executive Council originally chaired by Yusuf Lule who also held the position of President of Uganda at that Time , with Vice Chairman being Akena P ' Ojok , who also held the position of Vice President of Uganda at that time .
Fromm attempted to enter mainstream political activity by joining the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada .
In 1992 , she was appointed to the Community Redevelopment Agency ( CRA ) board by Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley and was reappointed by the succeeding mayor , Richard Riordan .
In January 1947 Harry Truman appointed General George Marshall as Secretary of State , scrapped Joint Chiefs of Staff ( JCS ) directive 1067 ( which embodied the Morgenthau Plan ) , and supplanted it with JCS 1779 , which decreed that an orderly and prosperous Europe requires the economic contributions of a stable and productive Germany .
The FTSF led by Paul Brousse was defined as possibilist because it advocated gradual reforms whereas the POF promoted Marxism .
The Shire of York is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , covering an area of just beyond the eastern fringe of Perth ' s metropolitan area .
The election was held concurrently with other 2004 United Kingdom local elections in England .
The Wei emperor was Cao Mao , and since Wen Qin fled to Eastern Wu , Shouchun 's affairs were given to the Wei general Zhuge Dan .
Many leaders of these groups , most notably Eugene V. Debs , were prosecuted for giving speeches urging resistance to the draft .
Finally , Sicily passed to Charles of Anjou , but the Sicilian Vespers in 1282 resulted in dual claims on the Kingdom ; the Aragonese heirs of Manfred retaining the island of Sicily and the Angevin party retaining the southern part of Italy , popularly called the Kingdom of Naples .
An ally of Collor in the runoff election against Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , PFL participated in his government , and , even after his impeachment , it participated in the coalition that supported Itamar Franco ' s government .
The empire presided over by the Safavids was not a revival of the Achaemenids or the Sasanians , and it more resembled the Ilkhanate and Timurid Empire empires than the Islamic caliphate .
42 In 1547 , he was appointed governor of the province of Shirvan where he led several expeditions against the Ottoman Empire .
Joel Kotek , a professor at Belgium 's Université libre de Bruxelles , in his book " Cartoons and Extremism " Cartoons and Extremism : Israel and the Jews in Arab and Western Media By Joel Kotek Vallentine Mitchell , 201 pages calls Latuff " the contemporary Drumont of the internet .
Takeda went on to rejoin the LDP in 2004 , but was rejected the party position for the 2003 Japanese general election due to his opposition of the .
Ukraine ' s agency is the State Space Agency of Ukraine , which handles both civilian and military programs .
The 2002 Games were hosted in England for the first time since 1934 and hosted to coincide with the Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II , head of the Commonwealth of Nations .
Julie Hardaker was 2013 Hamilton mayoral election for her second term as mayor with 43.6 % of the vote .
Contemporary Nigeria has a class of traditional notables which is led by its reigning monarchs , the Nigerian traditional rulers .
Their leader Hubert Ingraham served as Prime Minister from 1992 until he announced his intention to step down as Prime Minister at the 2002 general election .
He joined the Social Democratic Party of Austria ( SdA ) and in 1907 became chairman of the Regional Health Insurance in Baden bei Wien .
Helmut Müller ( born 31 May 1952 in Heidelberg ) is a Germany politician of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) .
The most popular candidates are former Prime Minister and leader of the Party of Regions Viktor Yanukovych and current Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko .
The event drew a favorable response from several expatriate Iranian political activists , including Mina Ahadi of the International Committee Against Executions and Stoning and Maryam Namazie of Iran Solidarity both of whom are members of the Council of Ex-Muslims of Britain .
The new network permitted mobile telephony to take off in Switzerland , and by 1992 the country had some 200,000 subscribers on the NATEL network .
In 1963 , the unarmed New Zealand Police lost four police officers killed by lone gunmen in two separate firearms incidents at Waitakere , Auckland in January 1963 and at Lower Hutt , Wellington in February 1963 .
Two LV members were appointed ministers in Conte Cabinet : Erika Stefani at Regional Affairs and Autonomies , and Lorenzo Fontana at Family and Disability .
The cartel worked its controlled industry by charging a tax of approximately $ 1.00 to $ 2.00 for almost every window replacement , public and private , sold in New York City .
Popular incumbent Bart Stupak was unopposed in the Democratic primary .
This transferred the possession of Outer Cambodia from the Siamese and placed it under French colonial rule .
The Congress was attended by Gran Colombia ( including present-day Colombia , Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador ) , the Federal Republic of Central America ( including present-day Costa Rica , Nicaragua , El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala ) , the United Mexican States , and Peru .
The energy and telecommunications committee was previously chaired by Senator Joseph Griffo , a Republican from Rome , in Oneida County ; before that Republican Senator George D. Maziarz , of Newfane , in western Niagara County , was chair , and prior to Maziarz , Democratic Senator Darrel Aubertine , of upstate Cape Vincent , Jefferson County , was chair of the committee .. Retrieved June 1 , 2009 and updated version on January 24 , 2011 .
Bobošíková presented her candidacy in 2008 Czech presidential election and 2013 Czech presidential election , for the President of the Czech Republic .
The 2004 Spanish general election was held on 14 March 2004 , which meant that the legislature 's term would expire on 14 March 2008 .
In 1970 , Chiti joined the Italian Communist Party and became a city councilor in Pistoia , of which he has also been mayor from 1982 to 1985 .
In 1984 he published a controversial interview with politician ( and at that time mayor of Rotterdam ) Bram Peper , which caused a lot of commotion throughout the country .
The Brownists are mentioned in William Shakespeare " Twelfth Night " , believed to have been written around 1600-02 , in which Andrew Aguecheek says , " I had as lief be a Brownist as a politician " ( III , ii ) .
Other politicians opposed the choice of Frankfurt out of concern that , as one of the largest German cities and a former centre of the Holy Roman Empire , it would be accepted as a " permanent " capital of Germany , thereby weakening the West German population 's support for reunification and the eventual return of the Government to Berlin .
The German Empire Foreign Ministry , which hoped that Bolshevik influence in Russia would help bring the war on the Eastern Front to an end , provided a special train for Armand , Vladimir Lenin and 26 other revolutionaries to travel to Petrograd .
Lyle Shelton and two other councilors switched to opposing the proposal , as did Ian Macfarlane saying that " No " campaigner , millionaire property developer Clive Berghofer " had a right to be heard .
Maij studied political science at the University of Amsterdam , obtained an MBA from the European University , and studied at the Open University of Catalonia .
He worked with the United Nations and non-governmental organizations in some of the world 's worst conflict areas including Sudan , Ethiopia , Eritrea , Somalia , Sierra Leone , Iraq , Burundi , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Born in Trier , Rhineland-Palatinate , he represents the Christian Democratic Union of Germany .
Grote or Sint-Laurenskerk ( English : " Great , or St. Lawrence church " ) is a landmark formerly Protestant church in Alkmaar , Netherlands , now in secular use .
George Francis Train and Thomas C. Durant , at the time the vice president of the Union Pacific Rail Road , formed the Crédit Mobilier in 1864 .
Her protest was intended to focus public attention on First Nations issues , support the Idle No More indigenous rights movement , and highlight concerns about Bill C-45 .
Burning of charcoal and wood fuel provides approximately 94 percent of the energy in Malawi .
Famous inmates held , tortured and interrogated there include Sidney Reilly , Raoul Wallenberg , Ion Antonescu , Genrikh Yagoda , János Esterházy , Alexander Dolgun , Rochus Misch and Walter Ciszek .
As Crookes was deeply involved in the Green Party of Canada and the comments focused solely on this involvement , without mentioning his business activities at all , the case was seemingly another political libel instance .
It backed the Russian Marxist economists and then , after the split in the Party , the Mensheviks .
The newly formed PAC under Assad Shoman and Said Musa sought camaraderie with UBAD and officers of both parties spoke at each other 's meetings .
Many of the migrants were also coming from Angola which expelled more than 300,000 Congolese refugees from the country in 2018 .
The Liberal Party of Australia - National Party of Australia Coalition was defending three seats .
It also claimed Rupert Murdoch and his sons , Lachlan Murdoch and James Murdoch , had seen enough information in the preliminary review to conclude that Ailes had to go .
During an October 2011 interview , O 'Donnell accused Republican primary candidate Herman Cain of not participating in protests during the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s and also charged him with avoiding the draft during the Vietnam War .
In the 2011 Canadian federal election , Fromm stood in Calgary Southeast as the candidate of the far right Western Block Party against immigration minister Jason Kenney , on a platform advocating a freeze in immigration .
Forum of Federations : .
After the second AGP Government 's reign under Prafulla Kumar Mahanta came to an end and Congress regained power , numerous allegations were raised against him related to the corruption during his tenure , government 's involvement in secret killings , and Mahanta 's overall inactive leadership .
William Victor " Bill " Gropper ( December 3 , 1897January 3 , 1977 ) was a United States cartoonist , painter , lithographer , and muralist .
When US president Bill Clinton made his African journey in March 1998 , he helped popularize this notion when he said he placed hope in a new generation of African leaders devoted to democracy and economic reforms .
The agent in charge of the Presidential Protective Division , William Montrose ( Martin Donovan ) , decides to randomly select the means of transporting the president using a coin toss .
In " McDonald v. Chicago " ( 2010 ) , Justice Clarence Thomas , while concurring with the majority in incorporating the Second Amendment against the states , declared that he reached this conclusion through the Privileges or Immunities Clause instead of the Due Process Clause .
According to the legend , the single vote of Frederick Muhlenberg , the first ever Speaker of the US House of Representatives , prevented German from becoming an official language of the United States .
The Faculty of Political Science , Chulalongkorn University , is regarded as one of the oldest modern higher education institutions in Thailand .
She followed the PCM into the Unified Socialist Party of Mexico ( PSUM ) in 1981 .
Press , 2001 , ambassador s and envoys from the Russian Empire , acting on the instructions from Saint Petersburg , held a " de facto " position superior to that of the Polish king , Stanisław August Poniatowski .
Much of Carl Sandburg 's poetry , such as " Chicago , " focused on Chicago , where he spent time as a reporter for the " Chicago Daily News " and the " Day Book " .
The Ministry of Oil is one of the governmental bodies of Kuwait and part of the cabinet .
It was designed in c.1897 by architect C. W. Stephens .
The term applied to authoritarian regimes with close ties to the United States during the Cold War , more appropriately referred to as U.S. proxy states , such as South Vietnam , Indonesia ( 1966-1998 ) under the Suharto Regime , Iran until 1979 , Khmer Republic under the regime of Lon Nol from 1970 to 1975 , the Philippines under Ferdinand Marcos from 1965 to 1986 , as a modern political-science case-study .
At the beginning of the Croatian War of Independence , Franjo Tuđman , president of the Croatia offered him the position of the minister of defence , but Červenko refused saying " I 'm a soldier , not politician .
Accordingly , they will not come into effect for the 2019 United Kingdom general election due to take place on 12 December 2019 , which will be contested using the constituency boundaries in place since 2010 .
On 30 August 1848 , Clerk married Pauline Hesse ( born 3 May 1831 ) of " Osu Amantra " , the daughter of a Euro-Ga merchant , Herman Hesse of the Hesse family and a Ga-Dangme woman , Charlotte Lamiaakaa , who hailed from a trading family at Shai Hills .
Alexander Schwab ( 5 July 1887 - 12 November 1943 ) was a Germany political activist .
Lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) persons in the United States state of Nebraska may face some legal challenges not experienced by non- LGBT residents .
However , that bill was vetoed by President Gerald Ford .
The following year , Keyes was sent to serve at the embassy in Zimbabwe .
Yaacobi was born in Kfar Vitkin during Mandatory Palestine , where he completed his high-school studies .
The position of Prime Minister was established in 1910 , when the Union of South Africa was formed .
The fourth chronicles the intrigues of Deputy Prime Minister Ian Bradley ( David Wenham ) , and political staffers Randall Keats ( Aden Young ) and Sophie Walsh ( Chelsie Preston Crayford ) while the after-effects of the accident unfold .
Then , in April , President Rajapakse called for a 2010 Sri Lankan parliamentary election and UPFA won a majority of 144 seat while UNF received 60 seats .
Billy Leonard , a former Seventh-day Adventist lay-preacher and Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) reservist , was elected in 2001 to Coleraine Borough Council as an SDLP representative for the Skerries area .
More specifically , from 2001 to 2003 Della Vedova was president of the Italian Radicals , a party launched after the defeat of the Bonino List in the 2001 Italian general election .
The median age of accession is roughly 53 years and 7 months , which falls between Charles de Gaulle and Casimir Perier .
In 2004 , Gulf Air introduced direct flights between Dubai and London , Muscat and London , and a daily service between Abu Dhabi and Ras Al Khaimah .
The National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nazis ) came to power in Germany as a minority party when its leader , Adolf Hitler , was named chancellor following the elections of 1933 .
Carrie Chapman Catt was the key leader in the early 20th century .
Capito was considered a possible contender for vice president on the Republican ticket with Donald Trump in 2016 United States presidential election , In the end , Trump picked former congressman and Governor of Indiana Mike Pence to join him on the Republican ticket .
He immigrated to Mandatory Palestine in 1923 , working in an orchard in Hadera and in drying swamps in the Beit She 'an valley .
The Marquess of Ripon sought a Liberal and an imaginative lawyer who could succeed the likes of Thomas Babington Macaulay , Sir Henry Maine , and James Fitzjames Stephen .
He was also part of the Parliament 's delegation for relations with India ( 2014-2019 ) .
The Great Southern Lumber Company was chartered by the Charles W. Goodyear in 1902 to harvest and market the virgin longleaf pine ( " Pinus palustris " L. ) forests in southeastern Louisiana and southwestern Mississippi .
The town 's strategic position on the road between Aleppo and Baghdad made it a key British target during the Mesopotamian campaign , but the hostile climatic conditions meant that it took two attacks over the course of three months for the town to fall .
Based on agreements between the Allies of World War II the western two thirds of Germany were now to be divided into Allied-occupied Germany .
Following growing strains in the coalition between the KMT government in Wuhan and the CPC , and under pressure from the rival nationalist government led by Chiang Kai-shek in Nanjing , Wuhan leader Wang Jingwei ordered a purge of communists from his government in July 1927 .
Alon Natan Schuster ( , born 2 May 1957 ) is an Israel i politician .
On that date , the Fianna Fáil leader and outgoing Taoiseach Charles Haughey , the Fine Gael leader Alan Dukes , and the Labour Party leader Dick Spring were each proposed for the nomination of the Dáil for appointment by the president to be Taoiseach .
With Charles Stewart Parnell , he co-founded the Irish National Land League in 1879 , in which capacity he enjoyed the peak of his influence before being jailed again in 1881 .
Before her appointment as Secretary to Cabinet in 2017 , she served as Ghana 's High Commissioner to Australia in the John Mahama administration .
In February 2008 , Hawke joined former prime ministers Gough Whitlam , Malcolm Fraser and Paul Keating in Parliament House to witness the then prime minister , Kevin Rudd , deliver the long anticipated apology to the Stolen Generations .
Wavell , hard pressed on his other fronts , was unwilling to divert precious resources to Iraq and so it fell to Claude Auchinleck ' s India Command to send troops to Basra .
The series was created by Armando Iannucci as an adaptation of his sitcom " The Thick of It " .
Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte called for " fewer rules and less fuss , " while British Prime Minister David Cameron said " Europe should concentrate on what matters , on growth and jobs , and not try to do so much .
He also won a seat in North Down at the 1973 Northern Ireland Assembly election .
This article is about Jan Smuts as a minister in the government of Louis Botha , from the creation of the Union of South Africa in 1910 until the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 .
The non-German Germanic languages ( 0.5 % ) , like Danish , Dutch and Frisian , were located in the north and northwest of the empire , near the borders with Denmark , the Netherlands , Belgium , and Luxembourg .
As well as the 54-seat Alignment ( of which the Labor Party was the largest faction , alongside Mapam and the two Labor-affiliated Israeli Arab parties , Progress and Development and the Arab List for Bedouin and Villagers , which merged into the United Arab List towards the end of the Knesset term ) , Rabin also included the Independent Liberals , who held four seats , and Ratz , which had three .
Between 1961 and 1962 , Pirjevec started a long polemic with the Serbia n writer Dobrica Ćosić regarding the cultural policies in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
Wells ' biographer Michael Sherborne notes that while Wells ' critics have described " The Open Conspiracy " as anti-democratic and elitist , his supporters have argued the book is " a boost for a civil society realized today by bodies such as Greenpeace and Amnesty International .
On 29 March 2017 , the Supreme Tribunal of Justice ( TSJ ) of Venezuela took over legislative powers of the National Assembly .
On December 17 , 2012 , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley announced the appointment of U.S. Rep. Tim Scott
He was educated at the University of Rostock , where he also taught in the local schools ; was ordained by Agricola at Berlin in 1565 ; became preacher in the same year at the monastery of the Holy Ghost at Salzwedel , and soon after deacon of the Church of St. Mary 's ; and from 1569 until his death was pastor in Salzwedel .
Amadou Sanneh is a Gambian accountant and politician who was Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs in President Adama Barrow ' s cabinet from 1 February 2017 to 15 March 2019 .
Fighting took place from August 1916 to December 1917 across most of present-day Romania , including Transylvania , which was part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire at the time , as well as in Southern Dobruja , which is currently part of Bulgaria .
Both losses ( 1974 Canadian federal election and 1993 Canadian federal election ) have come at the hands of Liberal Party of Canada candidates who failed to retain the seat at the next election .
He lived in Toronto until his death in November 2008 .
215 The authorities tried to appease the spirit of the crowd by sending Mikhail Kalinin , chairman of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee ( VTsIK ) as a speaker , ref name = " daniels243 " .
Originally organized with Soviet Union aid as a means for the KMT to unify China against warlordism , the National Revolutionary Army fought major engagements in the Northern Expedition against the Chinese Beiyang Army warlords , in the Second Sino-Japanese War against the Imperial Japanese Army , and in the Chinese Civil War against the People 's Liberation Army .
The youth which formed NTS decided to take an active role in fighting communism by studying the newly emerging Soviet culture , the psyche of a person living in the Soviet Union , and developing a political program based on the concept of solidarism .
In 1931 , Overton was elected to fill the now-defunct Louisiana 's 8th congressional district seat in the United States House of Representatives , which had been vacated by the death of Representative James Benjamin Aswell , of Natchitoches .
A new controversy broke out in November 2009 , regarding ten percenters when the Conservative Party of Canada sent out a mailing " targeting ridings with large Jewish communities " accusing " the Liberal Party of Canada of participating in the 2001 World Conference against Racism in Durban , South Africa , which the pamphlets describe as overtly anti-Semitic , and of supporting what they view as the terrorist groups Hamas and Hezbollah .
Following the appointment of his mentor Wilhelm Groener as Minister of Defense in 1928 , Schleicher became head of the Defense Ministry 's Office of Ministerial Affairs ( " Ministeramt " ) in 1929 .
Only after the current government tenure ended a neutral probe formed and revealed that Tarique Rahman son of Prime Minister Khaleda Zia along with the then Home Minister Lutfuzzaman Babar had masterminded the attack .
Toobin was born to a Jewish family the son of Marlene Sanders , former ABC News and CBS News correspondent , and Jerome Toobin , a news broadcasting producer .
At the Munich Security Conference in February 2011 , Ayalon , emphasizing Germany 's crucial part in crushing the Iran ian threat , stated : " The Iranian regime today is just as dangerous to the world as Hitler was in the 1930s .
Senator John F. Kennedy did not vote for censure.Oshinsky 1983 ( 2005 ) , pp. 33 , 490 ; Michael O 'Brien , " John F. Kennedy : A Biography " ( 2005 ) , pp. 250-54 , 274-79 , 396-400 ; Reeves ( 1982 ) , pp. 442-43 ; Thomas Maier , " The Kennedys : America 's Emerald Kings " ( 2003 ) , pp. 270-80 ; Crosby , " God , Church , and Flag " , pp. 138-60 .
In the June 7th primary , she lost her primary campaign to Holding by an almost 30-point margin , coming in second by just 0.6 % over third-place Greg Brannon .
Krishna Pal ( 1764-1822 ) was the first India n convert to Baptist Christianity due to the missionary activity of William Carey , the founder of the Baptist Missionary Society , and his co-workers.The First Hindoo Convert : A Memoir of Krishna Pal , a Preacher of the Gospel to His Countrymen More Than Twenty Years .
At the early age of 12 he was admitted to the Alma Mater Viadrina , the university of Frankfurt an der Oder ( now the Viadrina European University ) .
She developed Sister City relationships , a model for international cooperation at the grassroots level , with San José Las Flores , Chalatenango , El Salvador and Yerevan , Armenia .
The result was the Bowring Treaty , which was regarded as an unequal treaty imposed by the British Empire on Siam .
Lieutenant-Colonel John Elisha Grimshaw VC ( 20 January 1893 & amp ; ndash ; 20 July 1980 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth of Nations forces .
During the Mongol-founded Yuan dynasty , the chancellor was not the head of the Secretariat , but the Crown Prince ( 皇太子 ) was .
Siti Aisyah We Tenriolle helped to emancipate the women leaders from the tribe of Bugis , Tanete Sand South Sulawesi , Indonesia while serving as queen .
After the 1929 Landtag election in Saxony , the NSDAP demanded that the party ( and the German Democratic Party ) be excluded from the government .
In 560 , Western Wei 's successor state Northern Zhou began to make overtures to Chen , offering to return Chen Xu .
Prime minister Tansu Çiller demanded Hayri Kozakçıoğlu 's resignation .
The ELCM actively supports local mission work as well as overseas mission work in Bangladesh , Myanmar , Indonesia and India .
In 1945 , after service as a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Army Air Corps in the North African and the European Theater of Operations during World War II , he earned a Master of Science degree from Colorado State University in Fort Collins , then known as Colorado A & amp ; M. Bethea was an active member the Veterans of Foreign Wars .
Thirty-eight Boston mayors , including John F. Fitzgerald , Maurice J. Tobin , and James Michael Curley , served their terms of office on School Street at this site over a period of 128 years .
At that time , Sharon referred to Gaza communities such as Netzarim as " no different than Tel Aviv , " and said that they are of such strategic value that " the fate of Netzarim is the fate of Tel Aviv .
Poppe 's film is a continuous shot feature film reenacting the Utøya massacre by focusing solely on the victims ( particularly on one played by Andrea Berntzen ) , with Breivik only appearing briefly as a distant shadowy figure .
After an initial group of about 70,000 United Empire Loyalists were thinly settled across the province in the mid-1780s , a far larger number of American settlers came after Lieutenant-Governor John Graves Simcoe offered cheap land grants to promote settlement .
Multi-speed Europe or two-speed Europe ( called also " variable geometry Europe " or " Core Europe " depending on the form it would take in practice ) is the idea that different parts of the European Union should integrate at different levels and pace depending on the political situation in each individual country .
Mansel did not therefore fight a Parliamentary election until the 1918 United Kingdom general election when he stood as Liberal candidate for Coventry .
This situation caused Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to fire the Shas ministers on May 20 .
Lauk has an MA in history and theology from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and received his MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business in 1977 .
" But the way she remained convinced of her own sincerity is more reminiscent of Tony Soprano than Aung San Suu Kyi .
The restoration has been proposed by , among others , Vladimir Petrov , a politician of the ruling United Russia and affiliate of President Vladimir Putin .
Kurt Beck ( born 5 February 1949 ) is a Germany politician ( Social Democratic Party of Germany ) , who served as the 7th Minister President of Rhineland-Palatinate from 1994 to 2013 and as the 55th President of the Bundesrat in 2000 / 01 .
Ture Nerman ( 18 May 1886 , in Norrköping - 7 October 1969 ) was a Sweden socialist .
In the Novgorod Republic , tysyatskies were considered representatives of ordinary people ( ) .
In late May , when it was reported that a State Department inspector general contradicted Clinton 's claims of no wrongdoing , Sanders was asked about it by Chuck Todd on " Meet the Press " .
After his marriage in 1895 to Agnes Cashel , sister of the republican activist in later life Alice Cashel , he moved to Epsom in Surrey , and then to Sydenham in London .
This continued to be the main sphere of his activity for sixteen years , and he won special distinction in his fifteen months ' command of the exposed garrison of Tlemcen , a command for which he was selected by Marshal Bertrand Clausel ( 1836-1837 ) , and in the defence of Cherchell ( 1840 ) .
In the February 2020 Irish General Election , this number fell to just 6 seats ( 4.4 % of the popular vote ) , with longstanding TDs Joan Burton and Jan O 'Sullivan losing their seats , and Longford-Westmeath being lost to the retirement of Willie Penrose .
Saskatchewan Liberal Party incumbent Glen McPherson was declared by a judge the winner by a single vote defeating Yogi Huyghebaert from the Saskatchewan Party .
The fighting in this theatre lasted from 10 June 1940 , when Kingdom of Italy entered the war on the side of Nazi Germany , until 2 May 1945 when all Axis powers in Italy surrendered .
The only political bloc that campaigned against the draft and advocated public boycott was a group of liberal and social-democrat parties ( Čedomir Jovanović ' s Liberal Democratic Party , Nenad Čanak ' s League of Vojvodina Social Democrats , Žarko Korać ' s Social Democratic Union , Nataša Mićić ' s Civic Alliance of Serbia ) and a number of NGO s .
He was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1984 .
Following the self-immolation of Mohamed Bouazizi in Sidi Bouzid , a series of increasingly violent street demonstrations through December 2010 ultimately led to the ousting of longtime President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali on 14 January 2011 .
In March 1951 the party joined ten other parties , including the Communist Party of Indonesia ( PKI ) , in the Consultative Body of Political Parties , a nationalist coalition established as form for the PKI and the Indonesian National Party ( PNI ) to work together .
When on 28 May 1991 the EPRDF entered Addis Ababa and took power as the Transitional Government of Ethiopia , the TPLF had 80,000 , the EPDM 8,000 and the OPDO 2,000 fighters .
On his sixteenth birthday , he was publicly baptised as a Christian in the parish church in Shimla , in the Himalayan foothills .
The Country Party also maintained similar alliances with the Liberal Party 's predecessors , the United Australia Party and Nationalist Party , and similar parties at state level .
On her return to Niger after studying in Rabat , in Morocco , Aminata Takoubakoyé accepted a position as an expert in the National Bureau of Central Revenue at the Niger National Statistical Institute .
Boma was the capital city of the Congo Free State and Belgian Congo ( the modern Democratic Republic of the Congo ) from 1 May 1886 to 1926 , when the capital was moved to Léopoldville ( since renamed Kinshasa ) .
Maj. Gen. Rashid Qureshi of the Pakistani army accused Mir of being an " Indian agent " after he published an article in " Outlook " , an India n news magazine .
In 1990 , she was appointed to the Canadian Senate by Governor General Ray Hnatyshyn .
Turano sought re-election in the 2008 Italian general election , but was unsuccessful .
Odell was chosen to succeed the incumbent Theodore Roosevelt who had been nominated earlier that year for U.S. Vice President .
The meeting voted to arrange a vote of SPD party members , both in the Soviet occupation zone and across Berlin , on the proposed merger with the Communist Party .
When Typhoon Ketsana hit the country , Teodoro immediately issued an appeal for international aid through the United Nations and organized relief operations in the affected areas given the limitations in resources and the scale of the disaster .
Update : He has now gone on to remove the image of Bob Marley on my user page , saying " BOB MARLEY 's intellectual property and image to represent himself and his own work and is clearly not the artist ... He Should have expressed written consent from the posthumous owners estate. an owner of his likeness should have to consent use .
Following the 2019 European Parliament election , he moved to the Committee on Development , the Committee on Foreign Affairs and its Subcommittee on Security and Defence .
On 15 May , some 173 LR and UDI elected officials and personalities , including Jean-Louis Borloo , Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet , Christian Estrosi , and Thierry Solère , appealed to their fellows to " respond to the hand extended by the president , " after which the Republicans published a counter-appeal , insisting that " France needs more than ever a majority of the right and centre in the National Assembly .
Minister for Justice and Defence Alan Shatter , who had a very close working relationship with Commissioner Callinan , resigned from government on 7 May 2014 and later lost his seat as a TD in Dáil Éireann at the 2016 Irish general election .
In 1996 , he then joined the National Party so that he could support Katherine O 'Regan with the attempted unseating of Winston Peters from the Tauranga electorate .
Following her request , RCMP Commissioner Giuliano Zaccardelli wrote to Wasylycia-Leis to inform her that the RCMP had commenced a criminal probe into the matter .
During the 2000 Greek legislative election , Mitsotakis worked for New Democracy 's national campaign .
Yet Samuel Gompers , leader of the American Federation of Labor , opposed both courses of action .
The family settled in the village of Millgate , about 15 miles north of Manchester .McMullen , " Strike ! " pg .
Masaryk died less than two years after leaving office , at the age of 87 , in Lány , Czechoslovakia ( present-day Czech Republic ) .
In Berlin , Germany in the year 1938 , wealthy socialite Baruch Wane learns from his friend Komissar Garten that the police have confiscated the library , works , and notes of Austrian economist Ludwig von Mises , due to his stance against the Nazi Party policy of Adolf Hitler and the Third Reich .
The McCracken Tribunal of 1997 investigated reports of secret payments by Ben Dunne to former Taoiseach , Charles Haughey and former cabinet minister Michael Lowry .
It had also seen some of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland ' s strongest results , peaking at 22.1 % of the vote in the 1983 United Kingdom general election , and in the 1992 United Kingdom general election , it had seen the Conservative Party ' s best result in Northern Ireland , picking up 32.0 % of the vote .
General McClellan and President Abraham Lincoln developed a mutual distrust , and McClellan was privately derisive of his commander-in-chief .
In 1992 Swiss voters approved membership in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank Group , but later that year rejected the European Economic Area agreement , which the government viewed as a first step toward European Union membership .
French colonial empire had already agreed to restore the Spanish monarchy in exchange for Cuba .
In 1988 , the Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) was founded and established by Fida Mohammad Khan , an original Pakistan Movement activist , who became the party 's founding president , whilst Nawaz Sharif became its first secretary-general .
Cárdenas and Porfirio Muñoz Ledo led this current .
He served as secretary to Isaac Shelby , the first governor of Kentucky , in 1792 .
Sigismund and commander Jan Amor Tarnowski also defeated Moldavia at Obertyn in 1531 and Muscovy in 1535 , thereby strengthening the country 's eastern borders .
Casey and McFarlane broached the subject of such financing at a June 25 , 1984 , meeting of the National Security Planning Group ( NSPG ) , consisting of the President , Vice President Bush , Casey , ( National Security Advisor ) Robert McFarlane , Secretary of State George Shultz , Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger , United Nations Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. John Vessey , and presidential adviser Edwin Meese III .
The authoritarian monarch had cemented this relationship by visiting the Vălenii de Munte establishment in July 1930.Brătescu , pp. 33-34 A contemporary historian , Hugh Seton-Watson ( son of R.W. Seton-Watson ) , documented Carol 's confiscation of agrarian politics for his own benefit , noting : " Professor Iorga 's immense vanity delivered him into the king 's hands .
He entered the University of Virginia at Charlottesville , and studied medicine at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine in Philadelphia .
One of Parākramabāhu 's first projects was the restoration of Anuradhapura , the ancient capital of Sri Lankan Kings which had been utterly destroyed by the Chola army , including the restoration of Thuparamaya ( which had been lost to the jungle ) , Mihintale , and Ruwanwelisaya .Culavamsa , LXXIV , 1Parker , " Ancient Ceylon " , p .
" See also : " List of Navarrese monarchs - Kingdom of Navarre - Kingdom of Pamplona
As a result of the First World War ( 1914-1918 ) , the empires of his first cousins Nicholas II of Russia and Wilhelm II of Germany fell , while the British Empire expanded to its greatest effective extent .
Sree Chithira Thirunal supported the vision and untiring works of his brother-in-law , Lt. Col. G. V. Raja , in the fields of Sports and Tourism .
" The kidnappings in 2008 of the CBC News reporter Mellissa Fung in Afghanistan and Jill Carroll of the " Christian Science Monitor " in Iraq in 2006 had been tackled in a similar way , with the media observing blackouts in those case as well ( though they were shorter-lived , and in Carroll 's case , major news outlets said they could not continue to sit on the story ) .
They were active with attacks on both military and civilian Israel i targets during the al-Aqsa Intifada .
During the Stalinism it was the prison of the OGPU Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Soviet Union during which time it accounted for more than 25,000 inmates .
In 1991 , a few days before a confirmation vote was scheduled for Republican George H. W. Bush ' s Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas , Totenberg disclosed allegations of sexual harassment lodged against Thomas by University of Oklahoma law professor Anita Hill .
The AMÉP was established in Pilisszentlászló by Member of Parliament Izabella B. Király , who was expelled from the governing Hungarian Democratic Forum ( MDF ) on 22 June 1993 due to her extremist views and speeches in parliamentary debates .
In 1914 , Enver Pasha ordered Lt. Col. Kâzım Bey , commander of the 1st Expeditionary Force ( 11 December ) and Lt. Col. Halil Bey , commander of the 5th Expeditionary Force ( 25 December ) : " Your duty is to move with your division towards Persia and proceed through Tabriz to Dagestan , where you will ignite a general rebellion and repulse the Russians from the shores of the Caspian Sea .
In the 2016 Vermont gubernatorial election , former Red Sox pitcher Bill " Spaceman " Lee ran as the Liberty Union 's candidate for Governor .
George Tupou V ( Tongan : Siaosi Tupou , full name : Siaosi Tāufaʻāhau Manumataongo Tukuʻaho Tupou ; 4 May 194818 March 2012 ) was the King of Tonga in 2006 until his own death six years later .
When Tony Abbott became Leader of the Opposition in December 2009 , she was appointed Shadow Minister for COAG and Modernising the Federation .
His efforts , however , did not go unnoticed ; director Francis Ford Coppola was so impressed by Damon 's dedication to method acting that he offered him the leading role in " The Rainmaker " ( 1997 ) .
It was succeeded by Yenisei Kyrgyz Khaganate .
Along with the Meeting Point and Hong Kong Association for Democracy and People 's Livelihood , the society took the leading role in calling for increased democracy before and after 1997 as well as the implementation of the Sino-British Joint Declaration .
Six weeks later , when Marlene Carter and Luis Gutiérrez won run-off elections , Washington had the 25 aldermen he needed .
She has been a registered lobbyist during her career , both at the RIAA and for the Human Rights Campaign ( HRC ) .
Republican George Radanovich of the 19th district was succeeded by Republican Jeff Denham , and Democrat Diane Watson of the 33rd district was succeeded by Democrat Karen Bass .
This was a recognition of the " de facto " political situation , as the Patriarch of Constantinople was partially under the political control of the Ottoman Empire .
A new courthouse , designed by Claire Allen , was built from 1903 through 1904 at the square , with the cornerstone laid on May 4 , 1904 .
He stayed back as other commissions followed , and soon became vice-principal of the Mayo School of Arts , Lahore ( now known as National College of Arts ) , which was earlier started by Lockwood Kipling ( father of author Rudyard Kipling ) .
In the late 1990s a rift inside the ruling Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro came out .
Miller faced former Lieutenant Governor of Virginia Henry Howell in the Democratic primary and , despite outspending Howell by a margin of 3-to-1 , Miller was defeated by 253,373 votes ( 51.38 % ) to 239,735 ( 48.62 % ) .
On December 12 , 2008 , a day after Mugabe claimed that the Zimbabwean government had defeated a cholera epidemic , Ndlovu accused the United Kingdom of causing the outbreak in a " racist " attack meant to cause genocide against the Zimbabwean people .
Kakudji was born in Belgium , and is of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent .
The old Proprietary and Popular parties divided equally in thirds over the issue of independence , as Loyalists , Moderate Whigs who later became Federalist Party , and Radicals or Constitutionalists .
In 2018 United States Senate election in West Virginia , Blankenship lost a three-way Republican primary for the U.S. Senate to Patrick Morrisey .thehill.com May 21 , 2018 :
The film stars Sathyaraj , Rajesh , and Ambika in the lead roles .
ABATE The report is named after its primary author , Professor Harry Hurt .
The black leader Booker T. Washington , who grew up in West Virginia during Reconstruction , concluded later that : " the Reconstruction experiment in racial democracy failed because it began at the wrong end , emphasizing political means and civil rights acts rather than economic means and self-determination .
Donald Lee Barnett was an United States pastor who founded Community Chapel and Bible Training Center , a controversial church near Burien , Washington , and was its only pastor during its 21-year history , from 1967 to 1988 .
Proceeding to United States in 1777 , he had before the close of his first campaign twice won promotion on the field of battle .
That by-election took place a week after Keating had called the 1996 Australian federal election ; the very public defeat severely hampered the launch of the Labor campaign , and the campaign was never able to regain momentum .
Flood was a law clerk for Judge Ralph K. Winter of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Antonin Scalia .
Apart from several honorary doctorates and other awards , she received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and the National Medal of Arts , and was a member of the British Royal Academy of Music .
Martin had been dismissed several years earlier from the Théâtre National Populaire for signing the manifesto of the 121 against the Algerian War .
Charles Gavan Duffy became the oldest living premier when he was appointed in 1871 and remained so until his death in 1903 for a record 31 years and 235 days .
At the 2011 Scottish Parliament election , Mackay was adopted for the new constituency of Renfrewshire North and West while also being placed third on the SNP regional list for West Scotland region .
The oldest , Robert Todd Lincoln , was born in 1843 and was Lincoln 's only child to live to maturity .
Continentalism in the United States was developed through the expeditions and experiences of frontier expansion on the American frontier .
Berríos became president of the Puerto Rican Independence Party PIP when he was thirty-one years old and has been president of it five times .
The AIHTS was signed by Canada and the EU in December 1997 and by the Russian Federation in April 1998 .
Beyer was the Democratic nominee for governor in 1997 , losing in the general election to Republican Party of Virginia Jim Gilmore .
" Mrs Wilson 's Diary " was the imaginary diary of Prime Minister Harold Wilson ' s wife Mary , in the style of the BBC radio serial " Mrs Dale 's Diary " .
The party 's performance in the 2014 Turkish local elections also drew speculation that Kılıçdaroğlu would resign after the party lost control of its stronghold Antalya and failed to win in Ankara or İstanbul .
Jones was nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on April 9 , 1940 , to a Judge seat on the Court of Claims vacated by Judge Thomas Sutler Williams .
Glasgow St. Rollox was a burgh constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1885 United Kingdom general election until 1950 United Kingdom general election .
Rukavina was born in Otočac in Lika region , today 's Croatia in noble family .
FBI surveillance footage shows LaVoy Finicum ' s truck being pursued by police vehicles on U.S. Route 395 .
She was a major supporter of the St. Lawrence Centre for the Arts , which named one of its theatres in her honour in March 1983 after she made a donation to help renovate the 876-seat theatre where the Canadian Stage Company ( CanStage ) performs .
The People of Freedom ( PdL ) , result of the merger of FI with AN , came second with 24.7 % and the Democratic Party ( PD ) , result of the merger of the DS with DL , third with 20.3 % .
Though born in St. Louis Missouri , he actually left this country as a teenager and grew up in Southeast Asia , ( ​ The Philippines , Japan , Korea , Kowloon , Cambodia , Vietnam etc .
This was on the same day as 1996 United Kingdom local elections .
Both candidates were constitutionally unqualified for the positions ( under Article II , section 1 ) because Calero is not an American citizen and Hawkins was 29 years old , with the minimum age being 35 ( this had been done before , notably by running 31 year old Linda Jenness in 1972 ) .
He was involved in the rebuilding of Jamaica during the Michael Manley era .
Since the 1911 Canadian federal election , the country had been governed by the Conservatives , first under the leadership of Prime Minister Robert Borden and then under Prime Minister Arthur Meighen .
She was sworn in on 12 September 2016 following the Labor victory at the 2016 Northern Territory general election .
The Alliance was presented at a press conference in Ramallah on 10 August 2016 , chaired by Mustafa Barghouti ( General Secretary PNI ) , Qais Abd al-Karim ( Deputy General Secretary DFLP ) , Bassam as-Salhi ( General Secretary PPP ) , Khalida Jarrar ( PFLP ) , and Zahira Kamal ( Fida ) .
The 1952 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 4 , 1952 , as part of the 1952 United States presidential election .
A month before the Conference began , the BBC highlighted two contentious proposals which had been submitted - one by Russia , the other by Papua New Guinea , both aiming to amend the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change .
Li Lianying ( Wayne Lai ) and An Dehai ( Raymond Cho ) came from poor families and were sold to become palace eunuchs at a young age .
Frank prepares to commit suicide but stops as his TV features a reality show starring Chloe ( Maddie Hasson ) , an extremely spoiled teenager , and has an epiphany .
Dean Anthony Smith ( born 15 May 1969 ) is an Australian politician and Liberal Party of Australia member of the Australian Senate since 2012 , representing Western Australia .
The fortress took its main form during the reign of Kingdom of Pontus Mithradates Eupator in 72 BC .
Lindquist was nominated by Canadian Amateur Hockey Association president Jack Roxburgh to represent Canada as a referee at the 1962 Ice Hockey World Championships .
Born in Hanover , Kingdom of Prussia , on 11 September 1901 , after school education Mühlenfeld studied law and political science at the University of Göttingen where he was granted his doctor of law .
Blake was elected as a Democratic-Republican Party to the 20th United States Congress , sitting from March 4 , 1827 to March 3 , 1829 ; he was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1828 to the Twenty-first Congress .
Sereny was awarded the Duff Cooper Prize and the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for her book on Albert Speer in 1995 , and the Stig Dagerman Prize in 2002 .
In creating a black comedy revolving around the " lunatic characters " of Heller 's satirical anti-war novel set at a fictional Mediterranean base during World War II , director Mike Nichols and screenwriter Buck Henry ( also in the cast ) worked on the film script for two years , converting Heller 's complex novel to the medium of film .
In 2008 , Murray co-authered a report ' Victims of Intimidation : Freedom of Speech Within Europe 's Muslim Communities ' that sought to highlight the cases of 27 writers , activists , politicians and artists - including Sir Salman Rushdie , Maryam Namazie and Anwar Shaikh , all three of whom had received death threats due to their criticism of Islam .
The Unionist candidate was Ian MacArthur , who was also thirty , and who worked as an associate director of a marketing and advertising company ; he had also contested the seat at 1955 United Kingdom general election .
The incumbent is Republican Bryan Steil , who was elected with 54.6 % of the vote in 2018 .
Republican senator Randy Vulakovich of the 38th district was the only incumbent to be defeated in the primary elections , losing to Jeremy Shaffer , who in turn lost to Democratic candidate Lindsey Williams in the general election .
About 8,000 people gathered on the western steps of the capitol and listened to speeches by student leaders and by state leaders , including Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom , Assembly Speaker John Pérez , and Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg .hÉochaidh , Roibín Ó .
In party politics , Vranitzky kept his distance from Jörg Haider ' s Freedom Party - a stance the latter decried as a " policy of exclusion .
In November 2008 , three German BND agents were arrested in Kosovo for allegedly throwing a bomb at the European Union International Civilian Office , which oversees Kosovo 's governance .
Jordan was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Idaho in the 2018 election , her main opponent in the general election was the Republican nominee and incumbent Lieutenant Governor , Brad Little .
He overhauled the administration of what was now Griqualand West ( the defeated factions had moved eastwards to eventually found Griqualand East ) and divided the state into four regions .
Radičová was born in Bratislava on 7 December 1956 .
Then he joined and earned post-graduate degree in Mass Communication from Anwar Jamal Kidwai Mass Communication Research Centre , Jamia Millia Islamia , New Delhi .
He later obtained a master 's degree in Business Administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong and received an honorary doctoral degree in Social Science from the City University of Hong Kong in 2010 .
In 1965 , on leaving school , he worked as a miner with the National Coal Board for nineteen years , and remained a member of the National Union of Mineworkers until 1988 .
It was most recently ratified by Papua New Guinea , in 1977 .
Asmussen earned a master 's degree in business administration , Bocconi University in 1992 and a Diplom degree in economics , University of Bonn in 1994 .
Mercer directs the Mercer Family Foundation and served on the Executive Committee of the Presidential transition of Donald Trump of United States President-elect Donald Trump .
CORE members James Chaney , from Mississippi , and Michael Schwerner , from New York City , intended to set up a Freedom School for black people in Neshoba County to try to prepare them to pass the comprehension and literacy tests required by the state .
In May 1996 , Governor Pete Wilson appointed Brown as Associate Justice to the California Supreme Court .
It remained a marginal in both 1910 General Elections before being the vehicle that propelled Liberal H. A. L. Fisher into parliament as a supporter of the Lloyd George coalition .
Then , Giuseppe Garibaldi conquered Sicily and Naples , and Sardinia-Piedmont grew even larger .
The Prince Edward Island Liberal Party under Premier Wade MacLauchlan were reduced to six seats and MacLauchlan lost in his own district .
Kathleen Kelly Burkett was an United States consultant and Democratic member of the St. Louis County Council .
Only a few strong souls , Victor Serge and Orwell among them , could summon up the courage to fight the whole tone of the literary establishment and the influence of Communists within it .
Former Union ministers Yashwant Sinha and Shatrughan Sinha , former Chief Minister Arjun Munda as well as Jharkhand BJP chief P.N. Singh campaigned for Das .
Joseph Davies was the son of Thomas S Davies of St Issells , near Saundersfoot in Pembrokeshire.The Times , 6 December 1954 p10 He was educated at Bristol Grammar School " Who was Who " , OUP 2007 In 1894 , he married Blanche , the daughter of John Heron Wilson , from Cardiff .
She was a candidate for the party in the 2011 Canadian federal election in the Montreal riding of Saint-Lambert and defeated the incumbent Bloc MP , Josée Beaudin , by receiving 42.65 % of the vote .
" Oregon v. Mitchell " , 400 U.S. 112 ( 1970 ) , was a Supreme Court case which held that the United States Congress could set voting age requirements for federal elections but not for local or state elections .
The UDC , now UdC , leaves the centre-right coalition and makes a alliance with The Rose for Italy , the Populars and other centrist parties .
On July 2 , 1896 , Seo Jae-pil and Yi Sang-jae , Yun Chi-ho formally inaugurated the Independence Club ( Doklip-hyuphoe ) .
In late December 2009 , Ratushniak called on President Viktor Yushchenko to declare war on Somalia ; referring to the taking hostage of Ukrainian sailors by Somali pirates .
In this capacity he was the party 's Campaign Director at seven federal elections ( 1975 Australian federal election , 1977 Australian federal election , 1980 Australian federal election , 1983 Australian federal election , 1984 Australian federal election , 1987 Australian federal election and 1990 Australian federal election ) , under three different leaders ( Fraser , Andrew Peacock and John Howard ) .
George W. Bush received 54 % of the vote in this district in 2004 United States presidential election .
In 1956 Staff Colonel Naji Talib was the commandant of the Senior Officers School in Baghdad .
The founders opposed the formation of the Christian Democratic Appeal , because the Protestant ARP and Christian Historical Union would join the Catholic People 's Party .
The main Venezuelan opposition parties had boycotted the 2005 parliamentary election , unexpectedly withdrawing just before election day , despite a dispute over the voting process apparently having been resolved with the support of the Organization of American States ( OAS ) .In the run-up to the election , there were concerns about the use of digital fingerprint scanners as part of the voting process .
At the time , Roman also headed the Romanian-language radio station of the Comintern ( " România Liberă " ) , broadcasting propaganda against the regime of Ion Antonescu and Romania 's actions on the Eastern Front as an ally of Nazi Germany ( " see Romania during World War II " ) .
Later on , Vllasi became a member of the central committee of the League of Communists of Yugoslavia and became the leader of the League of Communists of Kosovo in 1986 , and the president of Kosovo .
Ratushniak tried to return to national politics in the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election by trying to win , as an independent candidate , single-member districts number 68 ( first-past-the-post wins a parliament seat ) located in Uzhgorod ; but he became second in this district with 19.51 % of the votes .
In 2003 , he held a painting exhibition at Lahore , where he displayed some of his hand-drawn sketches and paintings , which was attended by then-Prime Minister Zafarullah Khan Jamali .
Rep. Tom Marino declared his intent to run for his 4th term and was uncontested in the Republican Primary .
Charles Watson-Wentworth , 2nd Marquess of Rockingham , ( 13 May 1730 - 1 July 1782 ) , styled The Hon. Charles Watson-Wentworth before 1733 , Viscount Higham between 1733 and 1746 , Earl of Malton between 1746 and 1750 and The Marquess of Rockingham in 1750 was a Kingdom of Great Britain Whig statesman , most notable for his two terms as Prime Minister of Great Britain .
It is found in South Africa .
In October , when Buttiglione briefly decided to support the centre-left government of Massimo D 'Alema , along with the UDR , Roberto Formigoni , Raffaele Fitto , Maurizio Lupi and several regional councillors in Veneto , Lombardy and Piedmont left the party to form the Christian Democrats for Freedom , which was later merged into Forza Italia .
His widow , Empress Jingū , then spent three years in conquest of a promised land , which is conjectured to be Korea , but the story is largely dismissed by scholars for lack of evidence .
Cities and towns in Nepal are incorporated under municipality .
The conspiracy of Cinadon was an attempted coup d 'état which took place in Sparta in the 4th century BC during the first years of the reign of Eurypontid King Agesilaus II ( 398 BC-358 BC ) .This article translated from the French wiki article 15 June 2006 The leader was Cinadon , who was a distinguished military officer , but came from a poor family .
Finally , at the end of his term , Harrison nominated Howell Edmunds Jackson to replace Justice Lamar , who died in January 1893 .
The Santa Cruz massacre ( also known as the Dili massacre ) was the shooting of at least 250 East Timor ese pro-independence demonstrators in the Santa Cruz cemetery in the capital , Dili , on 12 November 1991 , during the Indonesian occupation of East Timor and is part of the East Timorese genocide .
Even so , he had to deal immediately with the highly charged question of homosexuals in the military , a controversy left over from his predecessor Dick Cheney ' s tenure .
Močenok is a village and municipality in Šaľa District , in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia .
The January 2005 Iraqi parliamentary election following the invasion took place in January 2005 .
Bera 's father , Babulal Bera , immigrated to the United States from India in 1958 .
He later advocated for the Democratic Opposition of Serbia to support Dragoljub Mićunović in the December 2002 Serbian presidential election .
In Georgia , AME Bishop Henry McNeal Turner ( 1834-1915 ) became a leading spokesman for justice and equality .
President Grant , at the beginning of his first term in office , w initiated an attempt to annex the Dominican Republic , then known as Santo Domingo .
This ministry had cross-party support , ranging from very socially conservative Tories , and the broad range of Whigs ( among them Charles James Fox and his ' Foxites ' ) , selected for their combined broad political support in both Houses of Parliament and known capabilities in a time of crisis .
He entered the University of Ghana , then the University College of the Gold Coast as one of the 92 students to be admitted as the first batch of students in the institution in 1948 .
In the 2008 New Zealand general election , Horan contested the East Coast electorate for the New Zealand First party .
Honkala was endorsed by many progressives and organizations including Our Revolution , Progress for All , environmental activist Josh Fox , progressive entertainers Rosario Dawson and Tom Morello , former Director Emeritus of Philaposh ( a labor organization ) Jim Moran , former Philadelphia Health Commissioner Walter Tsou , the PEOPLE Committee of the AFSCME District Council 47 , Philadelphia Neighborhood Networks , the Philadelphia chapter of Socialist Alternative , and other local clergy and leaders .
The new party was opposed by the New Democratic Party of Quebec ( NDP ) , a more established democratic socialist party that was still in this period aligned with the New Democratic Party of Canada .
Finally , though US policy towards North Korea has depended partly on China 's cooperation , some " hawks " in the US suspect China 's motives with regards to that country as well.Scobell 344-5 .
Immigration from nations that were connected directly or indirectly with the Austro-Hungarian Empire and Germany was stopped and natives of these countries ( Austria , Hungary , Germany and Ukraine ) were classed as enemy aliens under the Act .
The German colonial empire were taken during the war , and Italy took the southern half of County of Tyrol after an armistice had been agreed upon .
The 1964 Constitution Party presidential nominee , 1964 United States presidential election , was a neighbor of Donnellan 's in Jane Lew , where he owned a local general store .
When in 1998 the D 'Alema I Cabinet swore in , dalla Chiesa refrained from voting for trust since the government was supported also by Francesco Cossiga with whom dalla Chiesa had a bad relationship , since he accused the former President of Italy of raising many malevolences against his father when Carlo Alberto dalla Chiesa was Prefect in Palermo .
Among potential leadership candidates , Jo Swinson was seen as most open to working with The Independent Group , while Ed Davey was least open .
In 1925 , he became a member of the Communist Party of Canada .
Hønefoss , Kongsberg , Kragerø , Larvik and Skien were incorporated in 1873 .
Participants were Jan Peter Balkenende and Wouter Bos .
Prime Minister Sir John A. Macdonald first began planning a permanent force to patrol the North-West Territories after the Dominion of Canada purchased the territory from the Hudson 's Bay Company .
Hamas police forces dispersed the demonstration , claiming that it was held without a permit .
He was a graduate of Government College , Umuahia .
On this trip , the men investigated a number of potential settlement locations in Alberta south of Lethbridge .
It welcomed the Secretary-General Kofi Annan ' s assessment that violence on the island was unlikely , and that demining efforts were taking place .
Jan Schakowsky has held the position of senior chief deputy majority whip along with Lewis since 2019 , previously holding a position as deputy whip since 2005 .
" Mit Fried und Freud ich fahr dahin " ( With peace and joy I depart ) , BWV 125 , is a church cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach , composed in Leipzig in 1725 for the Candlemas feast on 2 February .
Punjabi weddings held in Pakistan are similar but some Muslim marriages hold many religious traditions .
Although the revolution was not explicitly socialist , upon victory Castro ascended to the position of Prime Minister and adopted the Leninist model of socialist development , forging an alliance with the Soviet Union.See Coltman 2003 and Bourne 1986 .
Palestine 194 is an ongoing diplomatic campaign by the Palestinian National Authority to gain membership in the United Nations for the State of Palestine .
Her Majesty 's Courts Service ( HMCS ) was an executive agency of the Ministry of Justice ( MoJ ) and was responsible for the administration of the civil , family and criminal courts in England and Wales .
Paul William Fletcher ( born 16 January 1965 ) is an Australia Liberal Party of Australia politician serving as Minister for Communications and Arts since 2019 , and has served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Bradfield since 2009 Bradfield by-election .
Japanese-American relations were further soured by the USS Panay Incident during the bombing of Nanjing .
He joined the Parti Québécois in 1984 , and in the 1989 Quebec general election he was elected to represent the Montreal-area riding of Gouin as a PQ candidate .
Though Hillary Clinton was ultimately confirmed on January 21 by a 95-2 vote , with David Vitter ( R-Louisiana ) and Jim DeMint ( R-South Carolina ) in dissent , John Cornyn ( R-Texas ) held up proceedings for a day to discuss this matter .
Incumbent Neptali Gonzales II transferred from Lakas-Kampi-CMD to the Liberal Party and is running unopposed .
Throughout the period of the Kingdom of Italy , the Prime Minister used the Viminale to execute his will , and often held the position of Minister of the Interior concurrently .
Following the July-August 1846 campaign led by the Commander of the U.S. Navy Pacific Squadron , Commodore Robert F. Stockton proclaimed United States control of northern regions of " Las Californias " ( known separately before 1836 as " Alta California " ) , on August 17 , 1846 .
The function of Parliamentary Secretary in Canada was created 14 May 1963 .
In return , British aircraft would be able to transit through Kenya , RN ships of the Far East Fleet and other units could visit Mombasa , communications facilities could be used until 1966 , and troops could exercise in Kenya twice a year.Hornsby , 98-99 .
Supporting organizations include the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , NARAL Pro-Choice America , and Planned Parenthood .
Elections to the French National Assembly were held in French Dahomey on 2 January 1956 .
Set up across the territory of the Belarusian SSR ( including West Belarus , previously Wilno and Nowogródek voivodships of eastern Second Polish Republic annexed by USSR ) .
Chief Justice Lorie Skjerven Gildea and Justice Barry Anderson both won re-election unopposed .
Indonesian president Suharto was a strong U.S. ally in Southeast Asia and began to mobilize the Indonesian army , preparing to annex the nascent state , which had become increasingly dominated by the popular leftist Fretilin party .
Francisco Labastida Ochoa , Secretary of the Interior during the latter part of the Zedillo government , was seen as Zedillo 's personal favorite during the Institutional Revolutionary Party primaries ( the first the party would ever hold ) and during his unsuccessful bid which saw his political undoing at the hands of PAN candidate Vicente Fox .
In 2014 , Oldman starred alongside Joel Kinnaman , Abbie Cornish , Michael Keaton and Samuel L. Jackson in the remake of " RoboCop " , as Norton , the scientist who creates the title character .
They reside primarily in Zambia , Republic of the Congo , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Angola .
They discussed the international situation of Qing China and Joseon 's place in the rapidly changing world .
According to the National Safety Council ( NSC ) , 172 children under the age of 15 drowned in pools or spas between Memorial Day and Labor Day in 2010 .
In 2001 , Coakley successfully lobbied Acting Gov. Jane Swift to deny clemency to Gerald Amirault , a defendant in the Fells Acres Day Care Center preschool trial , whom many regarded as a victim of day care sex abuse hysteria .
Dobrev spent her internship at MODI XEROX as a marketing assistant at Bangalore , India .
In 1921 , on viewing a wooden statue of Ashikaga Takauji at the temple of Seiken-ji in Shimizu-ku , Shizuoka , Nakajima had contributed a haiku poem to a literary magazine .
SA First ran 30 candidates in the House of Assembly and 2 in the Legislative Council at the 2002 South Australian state election .
She is a representative of the National Assembly of Laos for the city of Vientiane ( Constituency 1 ) .
Since 2012 , he has served as Chief Executive Officer / Executive Director of the Federal City Council .
In 1996 , he directed the stage design for the Miss World beauty pageant .
Following the elections Josefa Lala and Joni Madraiwiwi I were appointed as the Fijian members .
In the early 1920s , the Democratic Party had grown frustrated with Senator John Knight Shields , who had opposed President Woodrow Wilson ' s League of Nations , and had stalled a number of the Executive Branch 's political appointments .
On 24 October 1954 the Governor-General of Pakistan , Malik Ghulam Muhammad , dissolved the Constituent Assembly and appointed a new Council of Ministers on the grounds that the existing one no longer represented the people of Pakistan .
A prominent supporter of the United Kingdom remaining in the European Union during the 2016 referendum and of Jeremy Hunt ' s leadership bid in the 2019 Conservative Party leadership election , he left office when Boris Johnson ' s premiership began .
He is the founder and President of the African University College of Communications and is also a former editor of the Daily Graphic , the widest circulation newspaper in Ghana .
When the Media Research Center bestowed an award named for William F. Buckley to Sean Hannity , neoconservative columnist for " The New York Times " , Bret Stephens , wrote an editorial in which he lamented , " And so we reach the Idiot stage of the conservative cycle , in which a Buckley Award for Sean Hannity suggests nothing ironic , much less Orwellian , to those bestowing it , applauding it , or even shrugging it off .
The debates previewed the issues that Lincoln later faced after his victory in the 1860 United States presidential election .
During the presidential crisis , the United States government ended diplomatic relations with the Nicolás Maduro administration and recognized Juan Guaidó as the acting president of Venezuela .
The series starred Harry Ditson as Gerald Angstrum and Shelley Peterson as Margaret Simmons , civil servants in Ottawa working for the Department of Regional Incentive Targets , a government ministry whose sole job was to inherit files that other government ministries did not want to deal with .
( His sole opponent , a Irish Conservative Party candidate won only 30 of the 3199 votes cast ) .
In 1841 Garibaldi and Anita moved to Montevideo , Uruguay , where Garibaldi worked as a trader and schoolmaster .
Citing the report 's findings , the newspaper said Horowitz accuses sociology senior lecturer Sam Richards of reinforcing class lessons " with ' out-of-class ' assignments that include the viewing of left-wing propaganda films , such as " The Oil Factor , " from which students learn that the ' war in Afghanistan has turned into a bloody quagmire , ' ... and Occupation 101 , about the horrors of Israel 's ' occupation ' of State of Palestine terrorists , ' " Richards responded , in the report , to the book 's claims , saying Horowitz " disingenuously fails to note that students also receive credit for attending ' conservative ' events , including a talk by none other than David Horowitz ! "
The party nominated Anthony Fels , a former member of the WA Legislative Council for the 2017 Bennelong by-election held on 16 December 2017 .
The Norwegian monarch is the monarch ical head of state of Norway , which is a constitutional and hereditary monarchy with a parliamentary system .
Ruiz Zorrilla and his supporters established the Progressive Republican Party , while the faction of Martos joined the Liberal Party of Práxedes Mateo Sagasta .
" Margaret Pomeranz and David Stratton from " At the Movies " stated that despite the problem of never seeing Weaving 's face , there was good acting and an interesting plot , adding that the film is also disturbing , with scenes reminiscent of Nazi Germany .
It favors school prayer and championed former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore for his stance favoring the display of the Ten Commandments .
Interactive computer platform providers ( such as Wikimedia Foundation or Facebook ) are not considered violators of the law if users upload something that violates the law , unless the platform explicitly invites such content .
Kanapathipillai Cathiravelpillai Logeswaran ( " Kaṇapatippiḷḷai Katiravēlpiḷḷai Lōkēcuvaraṉ " ) is a Sri Lanka n civil servant .
He hosted a press conference at a Montreal Chinese restaurant , La Maison du Egg Roll , the transcript of which was published and distributed in book form as " A Mess That Deserves a Big ' No ' .
Russia n youth groups Nashi and Stal demonstrated outside embassies of several western countries to protest the military intervention in Libya .
608 ) Truman favored U.S. diplomat W. Averell Harriman , but he had never held elective office and was inexperienced in national politics .
In 2000 , then Republican Governor George W. Bush of Texas won West Virginia 's five electoral college votes over then Vice President Al Gore of Tennessee by a margin of 52-46 .
Then Karl 's nephew Mutatan or Muddan , appointed to rule Caithness for him , was killed at Thurso by Thorkel Amundason .
All contemporary 45 states were part of the 1900 United States presidential election .
In March 1896 he was elected the Nationalist member for South Louth in a by-election and he held the seat until 1900 United Kingdom general election .
Unlike other Eastern Bloc countries , the Socialist Republic of Romania had never undergone even a limited de-Stalinization .
That same week Manuel Fraga Iribarne then Home Minister and founder of the Spanish Conservative Party , Rodolfo Martín Villa , Minister of Unions and General Campano , director of the Civil Guard , visited some of the injured workers in an effort to minimize criticism .
Although Allied forces win the war within 100 hours , the elder Bush decides not to invade Iraq to depose Saddam Hussein .
The most notable tropical cyclone during the year was Hurricane Isis , which killed 14 people in when it made landfall on southern Baja California and coastal Sinaloa in Mexico .
Mazares marched his troops into the Greece country and subdued the cities of Magnesia and Priene .
In 2000 he became the executive editor of the " International Herald Tribune " in Paris .
During his time in America , he was a member of the prestigious Columbian Institute for the Promotion of Arts and Sciences , which counted among its members presidents Andrew Jackson and John Quincy Adams and many prominent men of the day , including well-known representatives of the military , government service , medical and other professions .
Cao Cao was a purported descendant of the Western Han dynasty chancellor Cao Shen .
This did not deter Nouri from returning to prominence when Habré conquered the capital N 'Djamena in 1982 : as Habré 's right hand , In 1984 he was made Commissioner for External Affairs in the Executive Bureau of the country 's only legal party , the National Union for Independence and Revolution ( UNIR ) ,
The loan 's existence surfaced during the 1960 United States presidential election campaign , embarrassing Richard Nixon and becoming a political liability .
From the late 19th century , several of the many ethnic groups that made up France developed a movement for separatism and regionalism , becoming a significant political factor in Alsace , Brittany , Corsica , French Flanders and the French portions of the Basque and Catalan countries , with smaller movements in other parts of the country and eventually equivalent movements in overseas territories ( Algeria and New Caledonia , among others ) .
Mel Sembler , a former Republican National Committee finance chairman , helped organize a reception that raised a " couple hundred thousand dollars " for Lieberman , who was personally in attendance .
The most famous such network is ODESSA ( Organisation of former SS members ) , founded in 1946 according to Simon Wiesenthal , which included SS-Obersturmbannführer Otto Skorzeny and Sturmbannführer Alfred Naujocks and , in Argentina , Rodolfo Freude .
Incumbent Democratic-Republican governor Simon Snyder won re-election over Federalist candidate William Tilghman , the Chief Justice of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court , by a wide margin .
The Local Government Act 1894 divided the Soke into three districts ; the existent city ( 1541 ) and municipal borough ( 1874 ) of Peterborough , and the two rural districts of Peterborough and Barnack .
Clinton took 49.32 % of the popular vote over Republican challenger Bob Dole , who took 39.37 % , a victory margin of 9.95 % .
Leading positions were held by Communist and Workers ' Parties ( this was the case in the East Germany , Hungary , Poland and Czechoslovak Socialist Republic ) .
Incumbent President Elpidio Quirino won a full term as President of the Philippines after the untimely death of President of the Philippines Manuel Roxas in 1948 .
Lakshmadeva ( IAST : Lakṣma-deva ) was a member of the Paramara dynasty of Malwa region in central India .
As a result of the DLP 's attempts to block Yamazaki Takeshi from forming a new government after Hitoshi Ashida resigned as Prime Minister , the party 's Shigeru Yoshida became Prime Minister in October 1948 and 1949 Japanese general election were called in January 1949 .
However , the Nationalists contested this election as three competing factions : Ministerialists , the supporters of Alexander Peacock ' s government ; the " Economy Party , " supporters of John Bowser ; and the National Labor Party , for those ex-Labor members now supporting the anti-Labor side of politics .
The post was created in 1963 when Abba Eban was appointed to the position in Levi Eshkol ' s first government .
Incumbent Republican Charles H. Russell ran unsuccessfully for re-election to a third term as Governor of Nevada .
In 1978 ASK was one of the founding parties of Herri Batasuna .
Valerio Cosi ( February 7 , 1985 in Taranto ) is a Berlin -based Italian saxophonist / multi-instrumentalist .
" " Freedom-Liberals Bloc " ) was the main right -leaning political alliance in Israel , ranging from the centre-right to right-wing , from its founding in 1965 until the establishment of Likud in 1973 .
The " Byzantine Papacy " was a period of Byzantine Empire domination of the papacy from 537 to 752 , when popes required the approval of the Byzantine Emperor for episcopal consecration , and many popes were chosen from the " apocrisiarii " ( liaisons from the pope to the emperor ) or the inhabitants of Byzantine Greece , Byzantine Syria , or Byzantine Sicily .
Following the death of PUK leader Jalal Talabani and the Kurdish opposition leader Nawshirwan Mustafa , the alliance was seen to have the potential to change the Kurdish political landscape .
Alan Alda portrayed controversial viral researcher Robert Gallo , and many other stars appeared in supporting and cameo roles , who agreed to appear in the film for union-scale pay .
133 Soulé escaped from the prison and was able to return to Confederate States of America territory .
Benjamin Kent was the lawyer who took on most of the cases of slaves suing their masters for personal illegal enslavement .
Invested in his new title of regent , he presented his Ministers of State in the evening : Nuno III Álvares Pereira de Melo ( Duke of Cadaval ) , José António de Oliveira Leite de Barros ( later Count of Basto ) , Furtado do Rio de Mendonça ( 7th Viscount of Barbacena & amp ; 2nd Count of Barbacena ) , José Luis de Sousa Botelho Mourão e Vasconcelos ( Count of Vila Real ) and the Count of Lousã .
The 42nd G7 summit was the first summit for Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau .
With the economic problems the country faced under Demetris Christofias ' AKEL-led government fresh in the minds of voters , the party plummeted to 27.0 % of the vote , a loss of 8.4 % points .
Between 1905 and 1911 , the party controlled the municipal governments of Ogden and Salt Lake City .ref name = may / In 1905 , party co-founder Ezra Thompson was elected mayor of Salt Lake City , with fellow party members W. Mont Ferry , Arthur J. Davis , Lewis D. Martin , and Martin E. Mulvey elected as city councilors.ref name = nichols / ( Thompson had previously served as a Republican mayor of Salt Lake City from 1900 to 1903 .
The Despotate was centred on the region of Epirus , encompassing also Albania and the western portion of Greek Macedonia and also included Thessaly and western Greece as far south as Nafpaktos .
In May 1832 , he was appointed United States judge for the district of East Florida by U.S. President Andrew Jackson .
Anti-fascist group Hope not Hate successfully petitioned the Home Secretary to have Jones banned from entering the UK .
Duke resigned by accepting the office of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds in order to contest a by-election at City of London .
This may have meant that he was in breach of the eligibility requirements of Section 44 of the Constitution of Australia at past elections , with his situation noted to have had similarities to Bob Day ' s earlier disqualification .
Taylor spent much of 1809 in the dilapidated camps of New Orleans and nearby Terre aux Boeufs , in the Territory of Orleans .
Despite Bob Dole ' s victory over Bill Clinton and Ross Perot in the state that year in the presidential election , Baucus managed to narrowly win re-election over Rehberg to secure a fourth term in the Senate .
Kirchner kept Duhalde 's Minister of Economy , Roberto Lavagna .
Robespierre and Louis Antoine de Saint-Just , during the Reign of Terror , regarded themselves to be principled egalitarian republicans , obliged to do away with superfluities and corruption ; in this they were inspired most prominently by Rousseau .
She attempted to switch to the Division of Blair at the 1998 Australian federal election but was unsuccessful .
The hotline has seldom been used by the military leadership of India and Pakistan , even at the time of an escalation of tension .
The gable has not changed since the monarchy and is decorated with symbols and allegories of the 17 provinces ( " Cisleithania " ) of the old Austro-Hungarian Empire .
In a radio interview in May 2018 , vice chancellor of the University of the Witwatersrand Adam Habib criticised AfriForum for " linking up with fascists " such as the French National Front , the Italian Five Star Movement , Germany 's Alternative for Germany and US president Donald Trump 's national security adviser John Bolton , whom Habib referred to during the same interview as " a known fascist , " during Kriel and Roets ' 2018 world tour .
Tlaib has gained notice for being a member of " The Squad " along with fellow House freshmen Ilhan Omar ( D-MN ) , Ayanna Pressley ( D-MA ) , and Ocasio-Cortez .
The Kyoto Institute of Technology is also among the most famous universities in Japan and is considered to be one of the best universities for architecture and design in the country .
Under leadership of Gagik II , known for his courage as " the Lion , " the Armenians revolted and the Turks were forced to retreat to Khoy and Salmas .
Before 2015 , it could have been described as a safe seat for the Labour Party , who held it with a majority of over 12,000 votes until Neil Gray of the Scottish National Party was elected at 2015 United Kingdom general election .
He was then appointed to the Supreme Rabbinical Court of Appeals in Jerusalem , eventually becoming the Chief Sephardic Rabbi of Tel Aviv in 1968 , a position which he held until his election as Chief Sephardic Rabbi of Israel in 1973 .
He also served as Ambassador to the Netherlands ( 2000-2003 ) and to Israel ( 1997-2000 ) .
Skubic was born in Ljubljana in 1967 .
Ian Smith issued the Universal Declaration of Independence , and when the country returned to black majority rule in 1980 as Zimbabwe , there were huge celebrations .
Nineteen of its members are from the ruling SWAPO party , and seven are from the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance ( DTA ) .
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is the government ministry of Liberia responsible for directing Liberia 's external relations and the management of its international diplomatic missions .
The highest salary currently being accepted is that of California Governor Gavin Newsom at $ 202,000 .
Days later , on December 9 , 2016 , the company went live with its LTE network which , at the time of launch , was only available in Port of Spain , San Fernando and soon after , a few locations in Tobago .
It was named for " Encounter " , the now defunct literary magazine founded by Irving Kristol and Stephen Spender .
His grandfather was a member of parliament of the Second Polish Republic prior to World War II from the National Democracy Party .
On 17 September 2009 President Lula nominated Dias Toffoli , then his Attorney General of Brazil , for the Supreme Federal Court seat vacated by the death of Justice Carlos Alberto Menezes Direito two weeks prior .
It took place on July 30 , 1864 , between the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia , commanded by General Robert E. Lee , and the Union Army of the Potomac , commanded by Maj. Gen. George G. Meade ( under the direct supervision of the general-in-chief , Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant ) .
The Ayrault government was the 35th and 36th governments in the Fifth Republic of France , and headed by Jean-Marc Ayrault .
In addition to these three certified courses , six short period courses were held in the field by Messrs. Greenan and Wiltse at Cebu , Iloilo , Dumaguete , Vigan , Lingayen and Olongapo .
Of those seven , 5 are members of the " Moscow Platform , " which unlike almost all other opposition factions , does not demand the end of Bashar al-Assad ' s term as President of Syria .
Allegations of misconduct on the part of Adeang and Scotty 's unwillingness to act against Adeang led to the resignation of several members of the government & amp ; mdash ; Kieren Keke , Frederick Pitcher , and Roland Kun & amp ; mdash ; and an unsuccessful motion of no-confidence against Scotty 's government on 13 November 2007 .
Dawit II or David II ( ) , was " nəgusä nägäst " ( 1508-1540 ) of the Ethiopian Empire , whose political center and palace was in Shewa .
Under this revised version of the pact the territory concerned was exchanged for the inclusion in the Soviet sphere of Lithuania , which had originally fallen within the ambit of Germany .
It was created for the 2005 United Kingdom general election , replacing Cumbernauld and Kilsyth and part of Strathkelvin and Bearsden .
Phyllis Stedman , Baroness Stedman , OBE ( née Adams ; 14 July 1916 - 8 June 1996 ) was a United Kingdom politician who briefly served as a minister .
An article published in the November 5 , 2005 , " The New York Times " quoted two paragraphs of a Defense Intelligence Agency report , declassified upon request by Senator Carl Levin , that expressed doubts about the results of al-Libi 's interrogation in February 2002 .
Luxembourg 's cause also benefited greatly from the Grand Duchess 's prestige with US President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Prior to the 1999 Israeli general election the party joined the National Union alliance alongside Herut - The National Movement and Tkuma .
Another contentious point was the personalist style of leader Eugen Richter .
After returning from India in 1934 , Bodding settled with his Danish-born wife Christine Larsen ( 1883-1940 ) in Odense , Denmark , where he died during 1938 .
A total of 83 candidates from the Liberal Democrats , Conservatives , Labour and Green Party of England and Wales stood in the election .
World War II saw the defeat of the Axis powers by the Allies of World War II .
Chaired by Idaho Senator Frank Church ( D - ID ) , the committee was part of a series of investigations into intelligence abuses in 1975 , dubbed the " Year of Intelligence , " including its House counterpart , the Pike Committee , and the presidential Rockefeller Commission .
At the same time , an army under General Władysław Sikorski was to strike north from outside Warsaw , cutting off Soviet forces that sought to envelope the Polish capital from that direction .
Ricky Muir held a seat for the party in the Australian Senate from 2013 to 2016 .
Amjad Adaileh ( ) is a Jordan ian politician specialising in news media and communications .
Deputy Prime Minister , Najib Razak , then weighed in , saying all 44 assemblymen should resign , and not just the 21 from BN .
Born in Quebec City but raised in St. Louis , Yan - the NHL honour for " Rookie of the Year " won by his father in 1980-81 .
Melchor Ferrer Dalmau , " Historia del tradicionalismo español " , vol .
The American Action Forum is run by former Congressional Budget Office director Douglas Holtz-Eakin .
In South America , Colombia has been in the midst of a civil war which has been waged since 1964 between the Colombian government and aligned right-wing paramilitaries against two Marxist-Leninist guerrilla groups , namely the National Liberation Army and Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia .
The ASU 's nature ( a big tent populist party ) permitted the formation of three factions in 1970s that represented the various party 's souls , amely the rightist Liberal Socialist Organization ( economic and Islamic liberal ) ; the centrist Egyptian Arab Socialist Party ( Islamic socialist ) and the leftist National Progressive Unionist Party ( progressive , populist and nationalist ) .
As Malone waits as a guest of the High Commission , he uncovers a plot to assassinate Sir James , masterminded by the head of a dangerous spy ring , Maria Cholon ( Daliah Lavi ) .
He was succeeded by Tim Kaine , who at the time of his election was the Governor of Virginia , in 2009 .
On 11 February 1912 , he was appointed to the member of the committee that was formed under the chairmanship of the Minister of the Interior Hacı Adil Bey with the decision about reform of Albania and three vilayet ( Salonica , Monastir , Kosova ) .
Penkovsky passes this along with other secrets that hardens U.S. President John F. Kennedy ' s stance against Khrushchev .
Hampton himself faced a challenging re-election ; the Harris government had reduced the number of ridings in Ontario from 130 to 103 , and Hampton faced off against Frank Miclash , the Liberal MPP for the adjoining Kenora riding , in the amalgamated riding of Kenora-Rainy River .
Zahi Hawass has gone on record as saying that the Ancient Egyptians were not black and Ancient Egypt was not a Black African Civilization .
The election was held on the same day as the election of a Police and Crime Commissioner for South Yorkshire as part of the 2016 England and Wales police and crime commissioner elections .
" Cold Dead Hand " is a single and accompanying music video created for Funny or Die by comedian Jim Carrey with The Eels , playing as " Lonesome Earl and the Clutterbusters .
Stephen Harper did in fact declare Parliament " dysfunctional " in August 2008 and called on Governor General of Canada Michaëlle Jean to dissolve parliament for the 2008 Canadian federal election .
Key Nixon figures , including Haldeman , Charles Colson , Herbert W. Kalmbach , John N. Mitchell , Fred LaRue , and John Dean eventually became entangled in the payoff schemes , and large amounts of money were passed to Hunt and his accomplices , to try to ensure their silence at the trial , by pleading guilty to avoid prosecutors ' questions , and afterwards .
Preference counts indicated that the primary DLP vote of 2.33 per cent ( 75,145 votes ) in Victoria reached the 14.3 per cent quota required by gaining One Nation , Christian Democratic and Building Australia Party preferences to edge out Steve Fielding of the Family First Party who received a primary vote of 2.64 per cent .
Its origins were in the Free University of Brussels , a liberal institution , which became the subject of controversy in December 1892 when the anarchist geographer Élisée Reclus was prevented from teaching for political reasons .
The Free State of Fiume would officially last until 1924 , when Fiume was formally annexed to the Kingdom of Italy under the terms of the Treaty of Rome .
Upon arriving at the lot , the camera crew was let off the bus so they could record Trump and Bush disembarking and meeting with Arianne Zucker , who portrayed Nicole Walker on the soap opera and appeared alongside Trump in the episode in which he guest starred.ref name = " explain "
The Mossi Kingdoms and Dagomba states are among the great West African medieval empires .
Hay was elected to Londonderry City Council in Northern Ireland in 1981 for the Democratic Unionist Party .
The Cheka was also used against the armed anarchist Black Army of Nestor Makhno in the Ukraine .
He gave the presidential nomination speech for Jesse Jackson at the 1984 Democratic National Convention .
The historian Stephen Dorril revealed in his book " Blackshirts " that secret envoys from the Nazis had donated about £ 50,000 to the BUF .
Rwandan and Uganda n armed forces invaded Zaire to fight Hutu militias , and ultimately overthrew Mobutu , in what was to become the First Congo War .
Johns was nominated for President of the United States by the Socialist Labor Party of America ( SLP ) in 1924 .
The Jagiellonian University and Sigismund II possessed well-stocked libraries ; smaller collections were increasingly common at noble courts , schools and townspeople 's households .
It opened in Australian and New Zealand cinemas on 26 December 2014 .
In the 1982 Mauritian general election , an alliance consisting of the MMM and the Parti Socialiste Mauricien ( PSM ) won the election , Sir Anerood Jugnauth ( SAJ ) became Prime Minister , Harish Boodhoo became Deputy Prime Minister and Paul Bérenger became Minister of Finance .
Kentucky was won by the Democratic nominees , former U.S. Representative William Jennings Bryan of Nebraska and his running mate Adlai Stevenson I of Illinois .
Between January and March 1936 , the nationalist right and the Action française , campaigned for Jèze 's resignation.because he acted as a counsellor for Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia , after he was driven from Addis Ababa by Mussolini 's troops during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War .Pierre Bergé " Inventaire Mitterrand " , Stock , Paris , 2001 , p.33
Williams stood unsuccessfully for Labour in Coventry at the 1923 United Kingdom general election and 1924 United Kingdom general election s , but was elected to the National Executive Committee of the party , serving as its chair in 1925 .
The current Minister of Higher Education and Highways , State Minister of Higher Education and State Minister of Highways are Kabir Hashim , Mohan Lal Grero and Dilan Perera respectively .
In 2010 the party signed a federation pact with the newly formed We the South party .
The 2014 Arkansas gubernatorial election was held on November 4 , 2014 , to elect the Governor of Arkansas , concurrently with the 2014 United States Senate election in Arkansas to Arkansas 's Class II U.S. Senate seat , as well as other elections to the 2014 United States Senate elections in other states and elections to the 2014 United States House of Representatives elections and various state and local elections .
Shortly after his birth , ! -- , after Fascistic Italy invaded and attacked Ethiopia , -- his father , who was an " arbegna " ( a resistance fighter ) during the Italian East Africa , died and Jemanesh fled the area with her children .
Users include the New York City Ballet , ETH Zurich , " The Verge " and the film " The Wolf of Wall Street " .
After the Nashville Convention , Rhett , William Lowndes Yancey , and a few others met in Macon , Georgia on August 21 , 1850 , and formed the short-lived Southern National Party .
They also campaigned to win a seat in the House of Representatives through party-list representation in the 2019 Philippine House of Representatives elections where they secured a single seat .
After the 2013 German federal election , the resignation of Künast and Jürgen Trittin as co-leaders of the Green Party 's group in parliament cleared the way for the election of Katrin Göring-Eckardt and Anton Hofreiter .Quentin Peel ( September 24 , 2013 ) , .
He was one of a number of prominent figures of the right , including Erich Ludendorff and Waldemar Pabst , who set up in August 1919 the " Nationale Vereinigung ( de ) " ( National Union ) , a right-wing think-tank which campaigned for a counter-revolution to install a form of conservative militaristic government .
On 19 August 1994 President D. B. Wijetunga appointed Chandrika Kumaratunga , leader of the PA , as Prime Minister .
" Salt Lake City " then operated off New York City , Cape Cod , and Chesapeake Bay through 1931 .
Gibeault won a fourth term in the 2004 Edmonton municipal election defeating Judith Axelson .
This may be part of an attempt to present the current Chadian conflict as part of the global War on Terrorism , so to attract the support of the United States .
He is a Consultant to the World Bank , European Commission and European Central Bank , where he has called for aggressive easing .
On December 5 , 2006 , Mayor Michael Bloomberg joined OEM commissioner Joseph F. Bruno , former OEM directors Richard Sheirer and John Odermatt , NYCEM personnel , and a host of other dignitaries to unveil the agency 's new state-of-the-art headquarters .
His opponent in the 2012 Republican Primary was U.S. Representative Connie Mack IV .
Premier Jay Weatherill threatened to resign if Farrell was successfully preselected .
On 11 April 1941 , by order of Slavko Kvaternik , he was sent to serve at the headquarters of the " Ustaška Nadzorna Služba " ( " Ustasha Surveillance Service " ) , whose main task was to lead and build up existing Ustaša combat formations and form new ones .
She met secretly with Alexander 's tutor Frédéric-César de La Harpe to discuss his pupil 's ascension , and attempted to convince Alexander 's mother Maria to sign a proposal authorizing her son 's legitimacy .
She was re-elected for a second term in the 2003 Quebec general election , in which the Liberals won a majority government , and became a prominent force inside Jean Charest ' s cabinet as she was named the president of the Treasury Board and the Minister of Public Administration and Government Services .
In 1986 Streicher became Minister of the Public Economy and Transport ( German : " Bundesminister für öffentliche Wirtschaft und Verkehr " ) under Chancellor Franz Vranitzky .
The downfall of the Confederate States of America emancipated millions , but few former slaves had the means to exercise real autonomy .
Many Northern Whigs shifted to the new Republican Party , while many Southern Whigs joined the American Party , or " Know Nothing s .
Amir Mir 's eldest brother Hamid Mir is also a Pakistani journalist working for a private news channel .
The President of South Korea , Moon Jae-in of the Democratic Party , was not up for re-election , but his response to the pandemic was popular and benefited his party in the legislative election .
The main venue which the organisers have chosen for the rally is Stadium Merdeka .
Desouk Sporting Club ( , Egyptian Arabic : " نادي دسوق " " Nady Desouk " ) is an Egypt ian football club based in Desouk , Kafr El Sheikh , Egypt .
On 4 December 1976 , at the extraordinary congress of the ruling Movement for the Social Evolution of Black Africa party , Bokassa announced the renaming of the Central African Republic to the Central African Empire and proclaimed himself Emperor .
In April 2010 Taha al-Liheibi a member of the Accordance Front was injured in the Green Zone in Baghdad .
Williams defended his seat unsuccessfully at the 1924 United Kingdom general election , when in another straight fight with new Tory candidate Captain H. W. Styles he lost
The value of investment from China increased tenfold in 2009 and investors from Japan , United States , Europe and ASEAN countries followed .
He then tackles the lack of regulatory oversight employed in the housing market and how the housing boom was allowed to run free under Alan Greenspan .
According to Nabeel Rajab , head of Bahrain Centre for Human Rights , Mushaima was participating in a protest in Al Daih , in Manama 's outskirt , when he was shot .
He was called to the Saskatchewan bar in 1933 and practised law in Saskatoon .
Mink opposed legislation proposed by the Republican-majority House of the Bill Clinton on welfare reform in 1996 .
The revue caught the attention of Granada Television , who , keen to replicate the success of the BBC 's " Not the Nine O 'Clock News " , hired Fry , Laurie and Thompson to star alongside Ben Elton in " There 's Nothing to Worry About ! " .
Subsequently , a peace was negotiated with Wang , although border conflicts continued , and Chen Qian , by Emperor Wu 's orders , constructed a fortress at Nanhuan ( 南皖 , in modern Anqing , Anhui ) to defend a potential Wang attack .
In 1991 , President of Russia , as well as in the United States , elected together with the Vice President .
Hungary joined the Council of Europe , the Visegrád Group and the Central European Initiative , and also became a party to the Association Agreement with the European Communities .
" Shake Hands with Murder " is a 1944 American comedy mystery film directed by Albert Herman and starring Iris Adrian , Frank Jenks and Douglas Fowley .
Labor formed their own minority government before winning in a landslide at the 2006 South Australian state election .
The current office-holder is Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , who has held the office since 28 August 2014 .
Ever since a NATO operation toppled leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 during the Libyan Civil War ,
The film was directed by Michael Engler and written by Larry Gelbart and produced by David Jablin .
In the general elections of 1970 United Kingdom general election and 1979 United Kingdom general election , Scorer was the Labour Party candidate for the constituency of Esher but was defeated each time .
The United States Post Office in Lima , Ohio , United States is a historic Neoclassical building erected in 1930 .
It is claimed by Morocco as a rural commune in the Aousserd Province in the region of Dakhla-Oued Ed-Dahab , but it is to the east of the Moroccan Wall , and thus included in the Polisario Front -held Free Zone of Western Sahara , under the jurisdiction of the Sahrawi Republic , and near the Mauritanian border , 72 km. south-west from Fderik .
" Justice of the Peace " , Vol.85 , p.362 He stood at Monmouth Boroughs at the 1906 United Kingdom general election , but received no backing from his union , and was not elected.David Howell , " British Workers and the Independent Labour Party , 1888-1906 " , p.28 In 1912 , he was elected as Vice President of the SWMF , the first socialist to such a position .
At an event dubbed as " A Gathering of Friends , " Mar Roxas formally accepted his party 's nomination as the Liberal Party standard bearer after he was officially endorsed by President Benigno Aquino III in the presence of their political allies at the Club Filipino .
He was re-elected in 2019 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom for the Brexit Party .
Long a proponent of the election process that empowers all members of a party to choose their leaders , Baird was instrumental in having the provincial constituency of Morris , Manitoba successfully put forward the principle of OMOV to the provincial Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba on 5 November 1985 .
Edwards had a surprising second-place finish with the support of 32 % of delegates , behind only John Kerry ' s 39 % and ahead of former front-runner Howard Dean at 18 % .
The Congress established a loose German Confederation ( 1815-1866 ) , headed by Austria , with a " Federal Diet " ( called the " Bundestag " or " Bundesversammlung " , an assembly of appointed leaders ) that met in the city of Frankfurt am Main .
Later in the season , Abby finds herself stressed even more by the presence of her abusive ex-husband , who has been nominated for Virginia State Senator , and she enlists Leo Bergen ( Paul Adelstein ) to help ruin his campaign .
Jamshid Khan took part in the Battle of Baku against the Centrocaspian Dictatorship and Armenian Dashnak s .
In the 1998 Hungarian parliamentary election , both parties performed very disappointingly ( MDF : 2.8 % ; MDNP : 1,3 % ) .
After much negotiation , a seven-party governing coalition was formed , consisting of the DA , the African Christian Democratic Party ( ACDP ) , the Africa Muslim Party ( AMP ) , the United Democratic Movement ( UDM ) , the Freedom Front Plus ( VF + ) , the United Independent Front ( UIF ) , and the Universal Party ( UP ) .
The German State Party ( or DStP ) was a short-lived German political party of the Weimar Republic , formed by the merger of the German Democratic Party ( Deutsche Demokratische Partei , DDP ) with the People 's National Reich Association ( the political wing of the Young German Order ) in July 1930 .
Incumbent Governor Bill Sheffield , a Democrat who was seeking re-election , was defeated by Steve Cowper in the Democratic primary election on August 26 , 1986 .
It resulted in a major reversal of the results of the 1885 United Kingdom general election as the Conservatives , led by Lord Salisbury , were joined in an electoral pact with the breakaway Unionist wing of the Liberals
The priest supported populist Huey Long as governor of Louisiana until Long was assassinated in 1935 .
The young Chaptal 's brilliant record at the area " collèges " of Mende and Rodez encouraged his uncle to finance his way through medical school at the University of Montpellier , 1774-1776 .
Her parents were Adolf Gerhard Ludwig von Thadden ( 1858-1932 ) , Kingdom of Prussia county commissioner ( " Landrat " ) of " Landkreis Greifenberg " in Pomerania ( now " Powiat Gryficki " in Poland ) , and Ehrengard von Gerlach ( 1868-1909 ) .
On June 21 , 2017 , she is appointed Secretary of State to the Minister for the Ecological and Inclusive Transition Nicolas Hulot , in the Second Philippe government , and leaves her seat as a member of the National Assembly to her substitute Adrien Morenas .
Free Speech For People was founded by Massachusetts-based attorneys John Bonifaz and Jeffrey Clements in January , 2010 in response to the " Citizens United v. FEC " Supreme Court ruling .
Previously , he was Minister of Finance in the VMRO-DPMNE government led by Ljubčo Georgievski until 2002 .
The Faculty is Montenegro ' s leading educational institution in political science .
Parti Québécois incumbent Claude Pinard , who was running for a fourth consecutive term , finished second with 33 % of the vote .
In 2003 , the Indian Censor Board banned the film " Gulabi Aaina " ( " The Pink Mirror " ) , a film on Indian transsexuals produced and directed by Sridhar Rangayan .
The region was historically called Medri Bahri ( Land of the Sea ) .
Following the appointment of Jarosław Kaczyński as Prime Minister following the resignation of Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz , the coalition between Kaczyński 's own rightist Law and Justice , the agrarian Self-Defence of the Republic of Poland and the Christian right League of Polish Families parties experienced deep conflict .
He presided over Social Credit 's 1972 New Zealand general election and 1975 New Zealand general election campaigns , in which they failed to get any members elected .
117 and reportedly became a Leninist shortly after the October Revolution in Russia.Săvulescu , p .
The Samajwadi Party parliamentary board , however , cancelled the merger and revoked the expulsion of the Balram Yadav from the cabinet ..
He was admitted to the bar the same year and began practice in partnership with Republican James Breck Perkins , a member of Congress .
The agency is generally identified in archives from the period as the Gauck Commission : Joachim Gauck was the Federal Commissioner who headed it up between 1991 and 2000 .
On 10 June 2012 , in Mumbai , India , a group of 100 Anonymous members and college students gathered at Azad Maidan , dressed all in black and wearing Guy Fawkes masks , to protest against the Indian Government ' s censorship of the Internet .
In a speech to students and academics in Mashhad , he was quoted as saying that Iran 's conditions had changed completely as it had become a nuclear state and could talk to other states from that stand .
Informal groupings began and increased government stability occurred from the 1887 South Australian colonial election .
On the break-up of the Confederation of the Rhine ( October 1813 ) , Fouché was ordered on missions to Rome and thence to Naples , in order to watch the movements of Joachim Murat .
After Hitler 's appointment as " Reichskanzler " ( Chancellor of the Reich ) , Hitler had " Reichspräsident " Paul von Hindenburg sign the Reichstag Fire Decree under the pretense of a purported Communist uprising .
These proposals were rejected by the Indian National Congress , All-India Muslim League and Hindu Mahasabha .
Also in 2008 , Downer discussed the possibility of working as a United Nations envoy to Cyprus with the United Nations to help revive the peace process .
He was defeated Democratic former Lt. Governor Francis E. Kelly in the general election .
White House counselor Kellyanne Conway described it as a " temper tantrum " which she believed was typical for Pelosi .
After the disaster , then Governor Alexander Grantham ordered Ronald Holmes to establish the Resettlement Department and appointed him as the Deputy Colonial Secretary and the first Commissioner of Resettlement .
Pondichéry and Acadia were returned to France , and Louis ' " de facto " possession of Saint-Domingue was recognised as lawful .
As a Minister known to have a close connection with the arts scene in United Kingdom , his time at DCMS is generally regarded as a success , for many projects funded through the National Lottery came to fruition .
Further editorial postings on left-wing newspapers followed in Chemnitz , Aachen and Stuttgart .
On 3 September 1939 , Prime Minister Menzies announced Australia 's declaration of war on Nazi Germany .
Palacio was a devout Roman Catholic but denied being connected with the Opus Dei group , remarking that even her name ( after that of the founder of the Jesuits , Ignatius Loyola ) would make that laughable .
Holt maintained a 100 percent lifetime rating from the League of Conservation Voters since 1999 , in addition to a 100 percent rating by Environment America in 2008 , 2009 , and 2011 , and a 100 percent rating by Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund from 2003 to 2008 .
1926 ) , joined the National Speleological Society in 1947 .
Leading members include Attilio Fontana ( President of Lombardy ) , Luca Zaia ( President of Veneto ) , Massimiliano Fedriga ( President of Friuli-Venezia Giulia ) , Maurizio Fugatti ( President of Trentino ) and Donatella Tesei ( President of Umbria ) .
The United States government also decided not to recognize the election , and expressed dissatisfaction with the results ; the outgoing US Secretary of State , Colin Powell , quite unequivocally stated that the result announced could not be accepted as legitimate by the United States .
In 1985 she was appointed co-chairman of Prime Minister Brian Mulroney ' s National Economic Conference .
In March 1862 he replaced the infamous Daniel Sickles as commander of the division .
He is a former Director of the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights within the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe .
She won a seat in the 2019 Panamanian general election , receiving 38.77 % of the votes , according to Electoral Court data .
He ruled for nearly three decades , during which he subdued a number of neighbouring kings , including the Chahamanas of Shakambhari king Arnoraja and the Shilahara king Mallikarjuna .
The requirement to enter into higher education is to have a high school diploma and pass the Iranian University Entrance Exam ( officially known as " konkur " ( کنکور ) ) , which is the equivalent of the SAT and ACT exams of the United States .
In 2005 , Kitada finally participated in the World Championships but was defeated by Yanet Bermoy from Cuba and Alina Alexandra Dumitru from Romania .
Flamm ( 2005 ) documents how conservatives constructed a persuasive message that argued that the Civil Rights Movement had contributed to racial unrest and President Lyndon B. Johnson ' s Great Society had rewarded rather than punished the perpetrators of violence .
" Sixtus did so on 17 October 1483 , naming Tomás de Torquemada Inquisidor General of Aragón , Valencia , and Catalonia .
SQA has joined with Universities Scotland , Quality Assurance Agency for Higher Education and the Scottish Government to create the Scottish Credit and Qualifications Framework or SCQF .
Ilan Pappé , an expatriate Israel i historian , writes that the First Aliyah to Israel " established a society based on Jewish supremacy .
Davis pleased white liberals with his appointments to high positions of two of the leaders of the impeachment effort against Huey Long .
Tiruchelvam resigned from the government in November 1968 when Prime Minister Dudley Senanayake overturned his decision to make Fort Fredrick in Trincomalee a sacred precinct ( the fort contained the Koneswaram temple ) .
Na Gyung-che is the co-representative of the Justice Party in South Korea .
However , this coalition broke down in 2013 , after the SNP National Executive prevented the SNP group forming a coalition with the Scottish Conservatives and the Scottish Liberal Democrats .
In World War I Cohn served as a guard in prisoner of war camps in Alsace , Guben , Lithuania , and Courland from April 1915 to June 1917 ; during this time he had his first significant contact with Eastern European Jewry .Heid ( 2002 ) , pp. 31 , 49
Griffin was born in Detroit , Michigan , on November 7 , 1931 , and became a child voice actor on local radio from 1942 to 1947 .
He was , however , unable to take any active role in the crisis because he was on holiday in Jamaica with his mistress Frances Stevenson .Williams , pp. 198-199 .
Munro Ferguson was as unenthusiastic about these duties of his Official Secretary ( whom he dubbed ' Pickle the Spy ' ) and the unsavoury characters who consequently lurked about Government House as he was with the secret political work which Steward sometimes performed for Prime Minister Billy Hughes .
In 1992 , Bonker again ran for a U.S. Senate seat , but was defeated in the primary by the eventual winner , Democratic Senator Patty Murray .
Page 308 However , the balance of power changed after Trotsky was supported by Vladimir Lenin , who was hiding in the underground ( the leader of the Bolsheviks learned that the issue of boycott was discussed only on October 6 , 1917 ) .
It was recorded from Dzanga-Sangha Special Reserve in the Central African Republic in 2016 .
In 1926 , the Fascist government of Benito Mussolini outlawed the Communist Party .
One MP ( Kike Elomaa ) later returned to the Finns Party and another ( Kaj Turunen ) defected to National Coalition Party , leaving the Blue Reform with 18 and Finns Party with 17 MPs .
" In 2012 , however , historian Robert Tombs made a new study of the Paris cemetery records and placed the number killed between 6,000 and 7,000 , confirming du Camp 's research .
Roys has served on the boards of Clean Lakes Alliance , TEMPO Madison , Citizen Action of Wisconsin , Wisconsin Women 's Council , ACLU of Wisconsin , Madison Repertory Theater , Dane County Democratic Party , Sherman Neighborhood Association , Wisconsin Public Interest Law Foundation , Citizen Action of Wisconsin , and the State Bar of Wisconsin ' s Legal Services Committee .
Lily Braun ( 2 July 1865 & amp ; ndash ; 8 August 1916 ) , born Amalie von Kretschmann , was a German feminist writer and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
The King , " desiring to give evidence of his affection to the inhabitants of his good Paris , " declared that he was resolved to return to the capital.The royal party had fled the Palais du Louvre the previous 22 October .
Dated May 1 , 2019 , the edition 's headline read " UNPRESIDENTED " and the lead article described Donald Trump resignation from the presidency after a period of unrest .
Other than an increase in land under control of the General Court in Boston there were other " constitutional " changes as well .
While residing in Brussels in 1846 , Marx continued his association with the secret radical organisation League of the Just .P.N. Fedoseyev , " Karl Marx : A Biography " ( Progress Publishers , Moscow , 1973 ) p .
after = Mehmet Ali Şahin br / Ertuğrul Yalçınbayır br / Abdüllatif Şener
Before running for office , Randy Dumont was for many years a popular radio personality on CKTB FM in St. Catharines under the name Randy Taylor .
They are also founding members of GAFTA , a pact made by the Arab League to achieve a complete Arab economic bloc that can compete internationally .
The Senators who voted against the amendment were Wayne Allard ( R-CO ) , Kit Bond ( R-MO ) , Tom Coburn ( R-OK ) , Thad Cochran ( R-MS ) , John Cornyn ( R-TX ) , James Inhofe ( R-OK ) , Pat Roberts ( R-KS ) , Jeff Sessions ( R-AL ) , and Ted Stevens ( R-AK ) .
After comments by George W. Bush to the Israel i Knesset questioning Obama 's foreign policy platform 's focus on international diplomacy , Gibbs responded , calling Bush 's comments " astonishing " and " an unprecedented attack on foreign soil .
The abolition of Islam is carried out by the Air Police , who " descend upon Mecca and close down the main holy places , " apparently without major incident .
This is a list of all constituencies that were in existence in the February 1974 United Kingdom general election , October 1974 United Kingdom general election and 1979 United Kingdom general election s .
In February 1896 , his father paved the way for the reconciliation of Bulgaria and Russian Empire with the conversion of the infant Prince Boris from Roman Catholicism to Eastern Orthodox Christianity , a move that earned Ferdinand the frustration of his wife , the animosity of his Catholic Austrian relatives ( particularly his uncle Franz Joseph I of Austria ) and excommunication from the Catholic Church .
Mayson represented the Hastings electorate from 1972 New Zealand general election to 1975 New Zealand general election , when he was defeated by New Zealand National Party ' s Bob Fenton .
Using the extant remains of Texaco , Total , Shell and Mobil ' s oil works , Sonangol obtained the assistance of Algeria n Sonatrach and of Italian Eni .
James won the runoff election on October 1 , 2013 , against Daniel Squadron , 59 % -41 % , becoming the party 's nominee for the city 's elected watchdog position in November .
He resigned as party leader in Brandenburg , when he led the AfD in the 2017 German federal election next to Alice Weidel , with whom he 's now leading the AfD group in the Bundestag .
New elections were called when Indian National Congress ( INC ) left the United Front government led by I.K. Gujral , after they refused to drop the regional Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK ) party from the government after the DMK was linked by an investigative panel to Sri Lankan separatists blamed for the killing of Rajiv Gandhi .
The Patriotic Party ( PP ) , which ran independent of the Grand National Alliance ( GANA ) , received 24.97 % of the vote .
120 ) anti-tax groups like Club for Growth and Americans for Tax Reform .
PerspectieF was founded on 23 September 2000 as a merger between the RPF-jongeren and GPJC , the youth organisations of the Reformatory Political Federation and the Reformed Political League .
He was a Visiting Professor of Public Policy at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and is a Senior Fellow at the Center for Financial Studies at the Goethe University Frankfurt .
A consistory was formed but was still subject to the control of the classis ( presbytery ) of Amsterdam .
The Republicans further alienated the Polish-American vote in 1968 with Spiro Agnew , who used the slur " Polacks " during the campaign .
National Award ( granted by the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , Los Angeles ) ; the Diverse : Issues in Higher Education 's John Hope Franklin Award ; Everett Mendelsohn Excellence in Mentoring Award , Harvard University ; and the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award for Lifetime Achievement in Nonfiction .
Michael rides the missile ( possibly in homage to Major Kong 's final scene in " Dr Strangelove " ) , until it crashes in Blair 's bedroom where Cherie Blair tries to get his attention , but Blair is only interested in Bush , who suddenly crawls into their bed .
In the winter of 2014 , he left his role as a pianist for the main church in Nigeria to pursue a career in music performance at London College of Music .
When Griffith was appointed a county court judge in 1940 , the seat was retained for the Liberals by Harcourt Johnstone in the resulting by-election , although under the wartime truce between the political parties , he was not opposed .
Under the junta , torture became a deliberate practice carried out both by the Security Police and the Greek Military Police ( ESA ) , Lawrence Van Gelder
David Lloyd George and Bonar Law , national Liberal and Conservative leaders , had been considering merging their organisations to form a single party , and considered that it would be a disaster to have Conservative and Liberal candidates facing each other .
EH Bildu was able to hold onto second place , albeit with a reduced support by going down from 21 to 17 seats , whereas the Elkarrekin Podemos alliance scored third , but below campaign expectations .
Sailing to Senegal and then Cayenne , La Meillerie 's operations had little effect and by 18 May he was already on the return journey to France , hoping to anchor in the Biscay port of Rochefort .
Johan Oxenstierna ensured that , as chaplain to the Swedish delegation ( " " Legationsprediger " " ) , Balthasar Schupp was the man who delivered the sermon .
During the transition programme of General Ibrahim Babangida to the Third Republic , Yar 'Adua was one of the foundation members of the Peoples Front of Nigeria with other members such as Atiku Abubakar , Baba Gana Kingibe , Bola Tinubu , Sabo Bakin Zuwo , Wada Abubakar , Abdullahi Aliyu Sumaila and Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso , a political association under the leadership of his elder brother , the late Major-General Shehu Musa Yar 'Adua .
There are four New Zealand Labour Party ministers outside Cabinet ; and three support ministers from the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand , which has a confidence-and-supply agreement with Labour .
The Greco-Bactrian Kingdom was , along with the Indo-Greek Kingdom , the easternmost part of the Hellenistic world , covering Bactria and Sogdia na in Central Asia from 256 to 125 BC .
TOP 09 ( name derived from " Tradice Odpovědnost Prosperita " , meaning " Tradition Responsibility Prosperity " political party in the Czech Republic , led by Markéta Adamová .
On February 26 , 2008 , she endorsed Barack Obama for President of the United States .
In Nigeria the director of communications or special adviser on communications is a senior aide to the president , vice president , and senior members of the National Assembly .
" She " honoured Mahatma Gandhi and Christ equally .
During the conflict between the two , a Byzantine Empire force sent by Justinian seized control of a large portion of Hispania Baetica ( Andalusia ) .
He shared his views with the intellectual circles he frequented , including not only Max Weber , but also Lujo Brentano , Hellmut von Gerlach , young Theodor Heuss , his wife Elly Heuss-Knapp , and Gustav Stresemann .
However , on 30 April 1945 a group of thirty men - the so-called Ulbricht Group - arrived from Moscow by plane in Berlin , keen to waste no time in implementing their project for the Soviet occupation zone , a large central chunk of what had previously been Germany , sandwiched between the three " western " occupation zones and the eastern third of what had been Germany , which was now incorporated into Poland , the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia .
Released at the onset of the Cold War era , the pamphlet was in line with rising fears that the Soviet Union would launch a nuclear attack against the United States , and outlined what to do in the event of an atomic attack .
Too 's death sparked more riots , as public opinion- in part shaped by the utterances of ODM bigwigs- was that it was politically motivated since he was a member of the Kalenjin tribe which heavily supported Raila Odinga in the elections and was the second member of parliament of the ODM party killed that week ( the first was Melitus Mugabe Were ) .
Theoretically and methodologically , he stands on the shoulders of thinkers like Thucydides , Machiavelli , Nietzsche , and Max Weber .
Bill Clinton won it comfortably in 1996 .
Current liberal ( and liberal Zionist ) parties are Yesh Atid , Israel Resilience Party and Kulanu .
The October 2015 BVA poll tested both a French Communist Party list led by Pierre Laurent and a Left Party list led by Éric Coquerel .
Democratic incumbent Steve Driehaus represented the district since 2009 .
After the war Ward was returned to the House of Commons as a Coalition Liberal in 1918 United Kingdom general election , unopposed in his absence .
Mustafa Sarıgül came 9th in the İstanbul 2nd electoral district election , failing even to win in the district of Şişli where he had served as Mayor between 1999 and 2014 .
DeWine 's narrow 2,000 vote victory in Hamilton County which is home to Cincinnati , came nowhere close to making a dent in Brown 's lead .
Incumbent lieutenant governor Peter Kinder won the 2008 Missouri lieutenant gubernatorial election with 49.9 % of the vote against Democratic candidate Sam Page .
His father , Michael Kellner , was an Austria n Jew , born in 1920 , who emigrated to Mandatory Palestine in 1938 , after Kristallnacht , and later moved to Britain .
He served as an officer and saw combat in France ; Umstead was discharged in 1919 as a first lieutenant .
After leaving the U.S. Treasury , he spent a year as a senior fellow at Princeton ' s Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs ( his alma mater ) .
President of the Poland Together Jarosław Gowin became deputy prime minister , and minister of Science and Higher Education , Piotr Dardziński became deputy minister of Gowin 's ministry , Jadwiga Emilewicz became deputy minister of Development , Marek Zagórski became deputy minister of National Treasure , Adam Bielan was elected as the Deputy Speaker of the Senate .
Congress requested that John Dickinson , the Governor of Pennsylvania , call up the militia to defend Congress from attacks by the protesters .
The third , Fred Mandeville , opted not to run for reelection .
In 2010 , President Barack Obama appointed him to co-chair the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform , which made several recommendations on ways to reduce the national debt .
Brazilian General Carlos Frederico Lecor , thanks to their numerical and material superiority , defeated Artigas and his army and occupied Montevideo on , but the struggle continued for three long years in the countryside .
The board of directors includes Leon Botstein , the president of Bard College ; Bruce C. Greenwald and Joseph Stiglitz , both of Columbia University ; Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute ; Martin L. Leibowitz , managing director of Morgan Stanley ; William Julius Wilson of Harvard University ; Berlin .
Rapp and Bernhard Müller could not agree ; a separation and apportionment of the property were therefore agreed upon .
Kansas voted for the Republican nominee , Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover of California , over the Democratic nominee , Governor Al Smith of New York .
Island Bay is a former New Zealand electorate , centred on Island Bay in the southern suburbs of Wellington .
After the defeat of Italy and Germany , in the Second World War , Winston Churchill ( leader of the Conservative Party ) proposed to Clement Attlee ( leader of the Labour Party ) and Sir Archibald Sinclair ( leader of the Liberal Party ) that the war-time coalition should continue until victory over Japan .
Almost as soon as the couple moved to Weinheim , Renate Lepsius was appointed a delegate for the local party branch to the national Social Democratic Party of Germany conference .
Several prominent Republicans praised the call between the two leaders , saying that the United States needs no more pressure from the government of the China ( commonly called " China " ) , which does not recognize the ROC government and claims Taiwan is part of its territory .
By the way , the categories are : : Category : UNC Charlotte 49ers basketball and : Category : UNC Charlotte 49ers men 's basketball players , and in both cases the " UNC " should be dropped.-- Mike Selinker 23 : 09 , 20 February 2006 ( UTC )
He did a stint at the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis .
The result was a third consecutive majority government for the Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba , led by premier Rodmond Roblin .
In September 2011 , Regavim submitted a petition to the ICC urging it to revoke the decision to receive the Palestinian Authority ' s declaration of recognizing the International Criminal Court ' s jurisdiction , which was a gentle attempt by PA for statehood recognition .
After the disputed results of the June 2009 Iranian presidential election were certified by Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei , Chairman Rafsanjani was reported to have called a meeting of the Assembly of Experts , as the Assembly has the constitutional power to hire and fire the Supreme Leader .
Dasher was followed by Ed Tarpley , an Alexandria lawyer and a Republican former district attorney for Grant Parish , with 9 percent , and Monroe Republican businessman Harris Brown at 6 percent .
Joan Sutherland was born in Sydney , Australia , to Scottish parents and attended St Catherine 's School in the suburb of Waverley , New South Wales .
John J. Hamre ( born July 3 , 1950 in Watertown , South Dakota ) is a specialist in international studies , a former Washington government official and President and CEO of the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a position he has held with that think tank since 2000 .
On 3 December 2014 , the proposed budget of the Löfven Cabinet failed in the Riksdag due to the Sweden Democrats siding with the centre-right opposition Alliance 's budget .
Hampton used Grace Peixotto ' s " Big Brick House , " a prominent brothel located at 11 Fulton Street in Charleston , to assure complete privacy for the Red Shirts ' meetings ; it mainly served as campaign headquarters.Jones 2006 : 22-23 The 1876 South Carolina gubernatorial election is thought to be the bloodiest in the history of the state .
Øyen was born in Ski , finished his secondary education in 1965 and graduated from the Norwegian School of Veterinary Science with the cand.med.vet. degree in 1973 .
Additionally , in the first Emil Boc cabinet ( December 2008 to December 2009 ) he was Minister of Culture , Religious Affairs and Cultural Heritage .
For the 2007 election , HDS made an alliance with Left of Croatia , Socialist Labour Party of Croatia and Istrian Socialdemocratic Forum .
) It was not until February 2017 that a governing party again gained a seat at a by-election , at the 2017 Copeland by-election .
In December 2018 , the Commission visited Dhahban Central Prison and interviewed Loujain al-Hathloul and some of the other detainees of the 2018-2019 Saudi crackdown on feminists .
The Merger Treaty , signed in Brussels on 8 April 1965 and in force from 1 July 1967 , provided for a single Commission and a single European Council of the then three European Communities ( European Coal and Steel Community , European Economic Community and Euratom ) .
She attended Assumption College San Lorenzo for her elementary and high school education , graduating valedictorian in 1964 .
In 2002 German federal election he was re-elected to the Bundestag with 54.9 percent of the first vote of the newly merged constituency of Werra-Meißner - Hersfeld-Rotenburg .
Malinowski was born in Słupsk , Poland , with the name ' Tomasz ' , and lived in Brwinów until he left the country at the age of six with his mother , Joanna , who married Blair Clark .
The oldest parish volume dates from 1553 and is for the parish of Errol , near Perth .
The American Federation of Teachers promised to set up " freedom schools " for children in the camps ; the National Association of Social Workers also said it would help with child care .
Through the second quarter of 2013 , McAuliffe 's funds include $ 4.7 million from the Democratic Governors Association PAC ; $ 295,000 he donated to himself ; $ 250,000 from Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos ; $ 100,005 from his father-in-law , Richard Swann ; and $ 100,000 from Bill Clinton .
In the years between " We Shall Not Flag or Fail , We Shall Go On to the End " and 2005 , Berner travelled to Romania , to study the traditional musical style klezmer , from the many talented masters in Romania .
It was well received in Canada , and one of the album 's tracks , " Even Now " ( not the same song as the 1978 Barry Manilow hit ) , became a staple on beautiful music radio stations in the United States .
County-wide politics and government coverage is primarily provided by " The Orange County Register " and " Voice of OC " .
Many years later , he received authorization from the government to send the Reverend George McDougall to inform the Cree that a treaty would be negotiated at Fort Carlton and Fort Pitt during the summer of 1876 .
He won as a member of the Republican Party of Minnesota .
Two new parties contested the elections , the unionist and socially liberal Cooperation Party ( " Suleqatigiissitsisut " ) founded by Michael Rosing , and the pro-independence Nunatta Qitornai ( " Descendants of Our Country " ) founded by former Minister of Finance and Interior , Minister of Industry , Labour , Trade , Tourism , Energy and Foreign Affairs and Minister of Finance , Minerals and Foreign Affairs Vittus Qujaukitsoq after a dispute over the government 's approach toward Denmark .
Executive Order 10988 is a United States president ial executive order issued by President John F. Kennedy on January 17 , 1962 that recognized the right of federal employees to collective bargaining .
In February 1835 , Littleton won re-election to the House of Commons as member for Staffordshire Southern - part of a Whig victory that returned Melbourne to power .
Following the end of his active political career , Kruisinga occupied numerous seats as a nonprofit director for supervisory boards for several international non-governmental organizations and research institutes ( Netherlands Cancer Institute , Netherlands Red Cross , Foundation KiKa , Stichting Max Havelaar , Society for the Advancement of Science , Medicine and Surgery and the Royal Dutch Medical Association ) .
Antiochus XII Dionysus Epiphanes Philopator Callinicus ( ; between 124 and 109 BC - 82 BC ) was a Hellenistic Seleucid Empire monarch who reigned as King of Syria between 87 and 82 BC .
In May 2004 , McLennan produced " Fifty-six , " an exhibition designed to coincide with Nakba Day , the title drawing on the number of years since the establishment of Israel .
" Saffron terror " is a neologism used to describe acts of violence motivated by Hindu nationalism , usually perpetrated by members , or alleged members , of Hindu nationalist organisations like Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) or Abhinav Bharat .
Hollande went on to defeat incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 French presidential election .
United Australia Party Senators Herbert Collett and Allan MacDonald and Country Party Senator Bertie Johnston were not up for re-election .
In the 2018 Pakistani general election , his party won the largest number of seats and defeated the ruling PML-N , bringing Khan to premiership and the PTI into federal government for the first time .
Nidal Joad was born in Syria and was forty years old at the time of the election .
Three of its MPs have been members of the Astor family .
Dieter Nohlen , Florian Grotz & amp ; Christof Hartmann ( 2001 ) " Elections in Asia : A data handbook , Volume I " , p254
He was an education and politics reporter for the now defunct " Post Herald " in Birmingham , Alabama , and later a reporter and editor for the New York policy journal " City Limits " , where he covered low income housing and child welfare during the administration of Mayor Rudy Giuliani .
Only a week before the year 's Oscar nominations were announced , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Board of Governors introduced a rule denying an Oscar to anyone who refused to talk to a United States congressional committee ; after the Writers Guild of America protested the new rule to no avail , they gave Wilson a Writers Guild of America Award for " Best Written American Drama .
The Malawi Congress Party had been the only legally permitted party in the country since 1966 .
) and indeed officially rehabilitated a few years later , though he never regained his position in the upper echelons of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany .
Derby entered Parliament for Westhoughton in 1892 , and served under Lord Salisbury as a Lord of the Treasury between 1895 and 1900 and under Salisbury and later Arthur Balfour as Financial Secretary to the War Office between 1901 and 1903 .
Future President of the United States James Buchanan was elected by the Pennsylvania General Assembly to the United States Senate .
Through his friend Richard Lower , whom he knew from the Westminster School , Locke was introduced to medicine and the experimental philosophy being pursued at other universities and in the Royal Society , of which he eventually became a member .
The Independent Labour Party decided to dissociate itself from the decision of the Social Democratic Federation to bring forward a candidate
At the Congress , the party split into two irreconcilable factions on 17 November : the Bolshevik s ( derived from " bolshinstvo " - Russian for " majority " ) , headed by Lenin ; and the Mensheviks ( from " menshinstvo " - Russian for " minority " ) , headed by Julius Martov .
Nariva is a county in Trinidad and Tobago .
But it is known that her political slant is close to the Social Democratic Party , not to the Liberal Democratic Party , and she strongly opposed strengthening the Japan Self-Defense Forces at the Prime Minister 's Administrative Reform Council .
In 2011 five non-government organisations filed a complaint to the OECD against a subsidiary of Glencore over allegations that a mine it owns in Zambia may not be paying enough tax on its profits .
Amidst great fanfare that included making the cover of TIME , in 1930 the 17th Earl visited Louisville , Kentucky with Joseph E. Widener where he was the honoured guest of Churchill Downs president Matt Winn at the 56th running of the Kentucky Derby .
From 1955 Hájek worked in diplomacy : in 1955-1958 as an ambassador in Britain , in 1958-1962 as a deputy of the minister of foreign affairs , and in 1962-1965 he represented Czechoslovakia in United Nations .
The original Parliament of Scotland was the national legislature of the independent Kingdom of Scotland , and existed from the early 13th century until the Kingdom of Scotland merged with the Kingdom of England under the Acts of Union 1707 to form the Kingdom of Great Britain .
Wikisource : McCormack-Dickstein Committee report In late September Butler met with Robert Sterling Clark .
IRENA also seeks to cooperate with the UN and associated organisations like the United Nations University , UNESCO , the World Bank , GEF , UNIDO , UNDP , UNEP , and WTO in the areas of education and training , financing , access to energy , potential studies and trade .
Sonia Sotomayor sat on the bench for the first time during the second round of oral arguments .
By the 1989 Australian Capital Territory general election , the Independents Group was entirely dead , with none its members playing any further role in ACT politics .
Lugan is a member of the National Council of European Resistance .
Many actors paid tribute to him , including David Arquette , Johnny Depp , Adrienne Barbeau , Angela Bassett , Courteney Cox , Scott Foley , Sarah Michelle Gellar , Kadeem Hardison , Jamie Kennedy , Shane Dawson , Heather Langenkamp , Rose McGowan , Cillian Murphy , Mitch Pileggi , Kristy Swanson and Amanda Wyss .
Founded in Kaposvár , the SKK consisted of the Alliance of Christian Democrats ( KDSZ ) , the Holy Crown Society ( SZKT ) , the National Alliance of Hungarian Political Prisoners ( Pofosz ) , and later also joined by the National Smallholders ' and Civic Party ( NKPP ) .The lead figure of the alliance was archaeologist and historian Kálmán Magyar , and each member parties represented themselves in the SKK 's leadership .
In 1951 , she became a member of the Israeli delegation to the United Nations , where she worked until 1955 .
Ferraro received honorary degree s during the 1980s and early 1990s , from Marymount Manhattan College ( 1982 ) , New York University Law School ( 1984 ) , Hunter College ( 1985 ) , Plattsburgh College ( 1985 ) , College of Boca Raton ( 1989 ) , Virginia State University ( 1989 ) , Muhlenberg College ( 1990 ) , Briarcliffe College ( 1990 ) , and Potsdam College ( 1991 ) .
From 1727 to 1750 prince Adolf Frederick was prince-bishop of Lübeck , which meant the rulership of a fief around and including Eutin .
Breaking with eight years of control by the Democratic Party ' s reform wing , the convention nominated conservative Judge Alton B. Parker of New York for president and Henry G. Davis of West Virginia for vice president .
It was established by Regina Ip on 9 January 2011 who is currently the chairperson .
Some presidents , such as George H. W. Bush , have used the desk in their private study rather than in the Oval Office .
All songs written by Dave Abbruzzese , Jeff Ament , Stone Gossard , Mike McCready , and Eddie Vedder .
Starting with the United States in 1776 , some obtained independence and became republics without a monarch .
As a result , the Goga cabinet damaged the Romanian economy and the relations with France , Great Britain and the League of Nations and strengthened the Iron Guard .
The monarch of Belize is the head of state of Belize .
Ings ' inspiration for " Stalin and the Scientists " came from Soviet psychologist , Alexander Luria ' s book " Mind of a Mnemonist " , about the life of Russian journalist and mnemonist , Solomon Shereshevsky .
Yelena Borisovna Mizulina was born on December 9 , 1954 , in the city of Buy in Kostroma Oblast , Soviet Union .
The Liberal Democratic Party ( / " Liberalno demokratska partija " , LDP ) is a liberal democrat and conservative-liberal political party in Serbia .
However , in 1967 he was one of the 11 senators who voted against the confirmation of Thurgood Marshall , the first black Supreme Court justice.Thomas .
At the 1917 Congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party ( Menshevik ) , a party Central Committee consisting of Raphael Abramovich , I. Akhmatov , I. Astrov , Pavel Axelrod , B. Gurevich , E. Broido , F. Lipkin , Fyodor Dan , Henryk Ehrlich , V. Ezhov , K. G. Gogua , B. Gorev , Ivan Maisky , Julius Martov , Alexander Martinov , A. Frumson , Pinkevich , S. Semkovskii and I. Volkov was elected .
The branch was led by Sun Yat-sen , who would become a leader of the Revolution of 1911 and the early Republic of China .
However , since the 2008 election of Ma Ying-jeou , he again asserted that mainland China is part of Republic of China territory according to its constitution , and , in 2013 , he stated that relations between PRC and ROC are not between countries but " regions of the same country .
That situation lasted until the prime minister called another election in October 1974 United Kingdom general election , following which the Labour Government obtained a tiny majority of three .
Benflis ran yet again as an independent candidate in the 2014 Algerian presidential election s held on 17 April 2014 .
McGaw was selected to play at centre for Australia in their victory over New Zealand at the 1988 Rugby League World Cup Final in Auckland .
After his vanguard forces suffered numerous setbacks , Lian Po recognized that the Zhao army were underpowered against their Qin enemies in field battles , so he readjusted the strategies and dug in with a 100 " li " -long defensive line near Gaoping , and decided to wait out and exhaust the Qin supply lines ( which were at least three times longer than Zhao 's , hence more difficult to maintain ) .
The British , supported by France , sought to exclude the Soviet fleet from the Mediterranean Sea , where it might have threatened the vital shipping lanes to India , Egypt and the Far East .James C. F. Wang , " Handbook on Ocean Politics and Law " , p .
On May 10 , 1973 the first Philippine Center was established in New York by the then Ferdinand Marcos on the Presidential Decree No. 188 with the aim of integrating and coordinating activities of the Philippine government offices in the United States .
Following the Goguryeo-Sui War , the Sui was replaced by the Tang dynasty in China in 618 .
The new Ugandan state was a republic , but the constituent sub-national kingdoms ( Ankole , Buganda , Bunyoro , and Toro ) continued in existence .
Roosevelt 's victory made him the first president to win a term in his own right after having ascended to the presidency upon the death of his predecessor , William McKinley .
With Don Jaime hardly contactable in Austria following outbreak of the Great War , the Mellistas took almost full control of the party ; Martin Blinkhorn , " Cisma en Tradicionalismo ( 1876-1931 ) " , in : " Historia " 16 ( 1977 ) , p .
In September 2005 , the former president of Ukraine , Leonid Kravchuk , accused Berezovsky of having financed Viktor Yushchenko ' s 2004 Ukrainian presidential election campaign , and provided copies of documents showing money transfers from companies he claimed were controlled by Berezovsky to companies controlled by Yuschenko 's official backers .
There is a public figure named Rodrigue Lemoyne from Sorel-Tracy , Quebec ( now a part of Sorel-Tracy ) , which is located in the Richelieu division .
The congress , also , elected the party Central Committee , Foreign Committee and Publication Committee , with the last two located abroad in Lemberg and Chernivtsi .
On 7 December 2008 , under pressure from the US and India , Pakistani army launched an operation against LeT and raided a " markaz " ( center ) of the LeT at Shawai Nullah , 5 km from Muzaffarabad in Pakistan-controlled Azad Kashmir .
Hamilton travelled to Kisangani in the Democratic Republic of the Congo while the Second Congo War was raging .
Party policy would introduce lustration to the Croatia n system , and would also cease cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia .
After graduating he joined the Department of Economic Planning and Development as an economist and later became the state planning director for Governor Edgar Herschler .
He is remembered for his reaching a helping hand to some 20,000 immigrants of Turkish origin while serving as Consul General in Frankfurt , West Germany in 1947 .
The Assembly of Ceuta is the top-tier administrative and governing body of the autonomous city of Ceuta .
When Japan invaded in 1942 , deliberate shelling destroyed the small ceremonial guns on the steps of Government House and left the building and its grounds in a state of ruin .
Arriving in Mexico City , Tijerina made the acquaintance of the labor leader Vicente Lombardo Toledano , who listened patiently to the story of the struggle of " the forgotten community " over the land , and offered to do what he could for the price of $ 25,000 .
The discussion had already begun with two ministers at Delft who had written " " An Answer to certain Arguments of Beza and Calvin , from a Treatise on Predestination as taught in the Ninth Chapter of Romans " " a document which contradicted both Beza and Coorhert .
Anarchism continued to influence important American literary and intellectual personalities of the time , such as Paul Goodman , Dwight Macdonald , Allen Ginsberg , Leopold Kohr , .
Among those involved were Jacob Johan Anckarström , Adolph Ribbing , Claes Fredrik Horn , Carl Pontus Lilliehorn and Carl Fredrik Pechlin .
He was a member of the National Union Convention at Philadelphia in 1866 and delegate to the Democratic National Convention s in 1868 , 1880 , and 1888 .
Babson was the Prohibition Party ' s candidate for President of the United States in 1940 .
Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and COE observers pronounced the elections free and fair , and turnout averaged about 60 % .
The video contained several easter eggs , including changing the word " glad " to GLAAD , and highlighting " EA " letters as a reference to the Equality Act .
His father Nat was a founder member of the Protestant Unionist Party and an election worker for Ian Paisley .
In 1958 she sang in the premiere of " Te Deum " by Ernst Pepping in Dresden .
ESPOL is based in the Vauban neighborhood in Lille , Hauts-de-France , France , on the premises of Lille Catholic University ' s campus , and within walking distance to the Citadel of Lille .
Wadsworth attended St. Mark 's School , then graduated from Yale in New Haven , Connecticut in 1898 , where he was a member of Skull and Bones .
From March to November 2014 , Novosad served as an advisor to the Minister of Education and Science Serhiy Kvit .
The secretary-general of the Palestine Liberation Organization , Saeb Erekat , described it as a " dangerous and racist law " which " officially legalizes apartheid and legally defines Israel as an apartheid system .
Its main laboratories are located in Daejeon , in the Daedeok Science Town .
Kennedy won the Democratic nomination on the first ballot , defeating Texas Senator Lyndon B. Johnson .
Notable newcomers to the House of Commons included Edward Heath , Horace King , Fred Mulley , Bernard Braine , Harry Hylton-Foster , Iain Macleod , Gerald Nabarro , Reginald Maudling , Robert Carr , Bill Deedes , Enoch Powell , David Ormsby-Gore , Christopher Soames , Anthony Crosland , and Jo Grimond .
Oxley was reconfigured into an exclusively Brisbane-based seat that tilted strongly toward Australian Labor Party , while most of the rural area near Ipswich shifted to Blair .
In January 2010 , Kazakhstani president Nursultan Nazarbayev appointed his nephew Samat Abish as the NSC 's head of human resources ; opposition lawmaker Serikbolsyn Abdildin of the Communist Party of Kazakhstan claimed this shows that Nazarbayev considers personal loyalty more important than skill in government posts .
When the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia took all power ( 1948 ) he emigrated into West Germany and in 1951 into the United States .
His margin of victory was fairly close due to George W. Bush ' s strong performance in the district .
In the Charenton Asylum in 1808 , the Marquis de Sade stages a play about the murder of Jean-Paul Marat by Charlotte Corday , using his fellow inmates as actors .
He remained there until recalled to Dunedin to again report in the Provincial Council , and he was so engaged when Julius Vogel arrived from Australia and , entering into partnership with William Cutten , the proprietor of the " Otago Witness " , established the " Otago Daily Times " , the first daily paper published in New Zealand .
Walter Mondale accepted the Democratic nomination for presidency after pulling narrowly ahead of Senator Gary Hart of Colorado and Rev. Jesse Jackson of Illinois - his main contenders during what would be a very contentious Democratic primary .
He then sent Zhuge Xu to attack the remaining rebels and Wu forces at Lijiang Village ( 黎漿亭 ; southeast of present-day Shou County , Anhui ) , where they defeated the enemy.ref group = " Sanguozhi " ( 吳大將軍孫峻等號十萬衆 ， 將渡江 ， 鎮東將軍諸葛誕遣艾據肥陽 ， 艾以與賊勢相遠 ， 非要害之地 ， 輒移屯附亭 ， 遣泰山太守諸葛緒等於黎漿拒戰 ， 遂走之 。 ) " Sanguozhi " vol .
Tower , Nixon 's choice in the Senate race , won handily over Sanders , but the Republican candidate for governor , Henry Grover of Houston , a victim of intraparty maneuvering , fell short and lost to Democrat Dolph Briscoe of Uvalde , a city in South Texas .
It has been proved that French Third Republic and British Empire had resolved on such a trespass , and it has likewise been proved that Belgium had agreed to their doing so .
" In 1916 he won the Iron Cross ( as the first clergyman in the German Empire ) at the Western Front for his frontline support of troops by acting as a military chaplain .
In 1915 , the second Klan was founded atop Stone Mountain , Georgia by William Joseph Simmons .
He belongs to the Orange Democratic Movement and was elected to represent the Tarbaj Constituency in the National Assembly of Kenya since the 2007 Kenyan parliamentary election .
Since the end of World War II , there have been a total of five American presidential elections that had coattail effects : Harry S. Truman in 1948 , Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1952 , Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 , Ronald Reagan in 1980 , and Barack Obama in 2008 .
Croatian opposition to a centralised Yugoslavia continued following Alexander 's assassination , culminating with the signing of the Cvetković-Maček Agreement by Croatian politician Vladko Maček and Yugoslav Prime Minister Dragiša Cvetković on 26 August 1939 .
President James Madison removed Winchester from command in September , and Harrison became commander of the fresh recruits .
However , these arguments have were widely criticized in Taiwan , since the Kuomintang , which is anti- Taiwan independence strongly supported the amendments , while the pro-independence Taiwan Solidarity Union strongly opposed them .
Native son John McCain - who represented this district ( then numbered as the 1st ) from 1983 to 1987 - received 61.32 % of the vote in the district in 2008 United States presidential election , making it his best showing in his home state .
He later attended New York University receiving an M.B.A. and then the John F. Kennedy School of Government , Harvard University , receiving an M.P.A. He attended the London Business School , International Management Exchange Program and studied French at the Sorbonne in Paris .
Edward Jerningham Wakefield ( 25 June 1820 - 3 March 1879 ) , known as Jerningham Wakefield , was the only son of Edward Gibbon Wakefield .
In 1852 , following the impulse to take his knowledge to other regions , he traveled to Valdivia , Chile in response to a request for educationists that was published in his native country .
In the Treaty of Paris ( 1783 ) , which formally ended the American Revolutionary War , Kingdom of Great Britain yielded this region to the United States .
The associated music festival , Zaire 74 , that took place at the stadium six weeks prior to the boxing match , included such stars as James Brown and B.B. King .
Incumbent Republican Mark Hatfield decided to retire after thirty years in the Senate .
In 2013 , De Castro will co-star " Vampire Ang Daddy Ko " which is top billed by Vic Sotto and Oyo Boy Sotto .
USTC was moved to Hefei , the capital of Anhui Province , where it remains to this day .
Walter Ohmsen was born on 7 June 1911 , in Elmshorn and joined the military service of the " Reichsmarine " of the Weimar Republic on 1 April 1929 in Stralsund .
Little Caesars Arena , a new home for the Detroit Red Wings and the Detroit Pistons , with attached residential , hotel , and retail use , opened on September 5 , 2017 .
He immediately had all conventions of the Social Democrats , the Communist Party of Austria and the Austrian National Socialism banned .
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor on June 13 , 1978 .
The Northeast Merchav contains " Ya 'ar Penn " ( eastern Pennsylvania , abbreviated " EPA " ) , " Empiria " ( English : Empire - New York state , excluding Long Island and New York City , and Fairfield County , Connecticut ) , " Ganei Yehudah " ( New Jersey ) , " Eeyey Tsiyon " ( Long Island / New York City abbreviated " LINYC " or " LI / NYC " ) , and " Uri Tsafon " ( New England - Maine , Vermont , New Hampshire , Rhode Island , Massachusetts , and Connecticut , excluding Fairfield County )
In August 2003 Cayo South Area Rep. Agripino Cawich of the PUP died , triggering a by-election in the constituency , only the second held in Belize since independence .
Bidhya Devi Bhandari of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist-Leninist ) was elected President , becoming Nepal 's first female head of state .
She was born in Shinagawa , Tokyo and received an LLB from the University of Tokyo , following which she joined the Ministry of International Trade and Industry .
Ultimately , Californians split their ticket in the 1970 midterm election , re-electing Republican governor Ronald Reagan and electing Democrat Tunney to the Senate .
Mohania comprises Community Blocks of Kudra & amp ; Mohania .
In 2003 , he participated in two youth championships in Sweden and Spain : in the latter he appeared in Madrid ' s third edition of the Annual Immigrants World Cup , where he impressed so much he was given a five-year-contract with Polideportivo Ejido , in the second division .
Facing the threat from the popular Boulanger , the republican group became divided into two opposing factions , namely on one side the old republican guard led by Jules Ferry founded in 1888 the self-declared leftist National Republican Association launched the Liberal Republic Union in 1889 .
On December 14 , 1975 , Roy teamed up with former Liberal minister Jérôme Choquette to form the Parti national populaire under Choquette 's leadership .
The current , brutalist building was built in the early 1970s and is reminiscent of Boston City Hall and 222 Jarvis Street in Toronto , Ontario .
The Liberals also warned of a possible minority government between Labor and the Tasmanian Greens , claiming it would be a disaster for Tasmania : this campaign may have backfired on the Liberals by encouraging voters to support a majority Labor government .
The Second World War further increased Taylor 's pro-Soviet feelings , as he was always profoundly grateful for the Red Army ' s role in destroying Nazi Germany .
On the other hand , the 1990 Bernard Haitink and the 1962 Oscar Danon recordings are Western performances sung in Russian.Capon , B. .
The legislature was founded in Guangzhou and sat in Shenzhen from 1996 ( with offices in Hong Kong ) until the handover in 1997 and moved to Hong Kong to serve as the temporary replacement of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Three years later , her party won the 2003 Croatian parliamentary election and Kosor became the Minister of Family , Veterans ' Affairs and Inter-generational Solidarity in the Sanader I and , later , Sanader II cabinet , during which time she served as Deputy Prime Minister as well .
Philanthropist and orthopedic surgeon , founder of Team Broken Earth , son of Senator George Furey and nephew of former cabinet minister Chuck Furey .
John F. Kennedy assassination in November 1963 led to calls to honor him with a place on one of the circulating coins , and the Kennedy half dollar was authorized by Congress on December 30 .
Guðrøðr granted the English priory of St Bees the lands of " " In the reigns of Guðrøðr 's succeeding sons , the Benedictines priory of St Bees continued to receive royal grants of Manx lands .
" Some prominent Labor politicians , though , including New South Wales Premier William Holman and South Australia n Premier Crawford Vaughan , backed Hughes and rejected the party line .
Norden 's maps of City of London and City of Westminster ( in his " Speculum Britanniae " of 1593 ) are the best representations known of the English metropolis under the Tudor s ; his maps of Middlesex ( also from the " Speculum Britanniae " of 1593 ) , of Essex ( 1594 ) , of Hertfordshire ( 1598 ) and of Cornwall ( published in 1728 ; see above ) are also notable .
Former party leader Hans Wiegel , who had hinted at returning to lead the party in the next general election announced he would not seek a return to politics .
" The song was the first to be written and released by the band following the mysterious disappearance of figurehead Richey Edwards the previous year and was used as the opening track on " Forever Delayed " , the band 's greatest hits album released in November 2002 .
Karamollaoğlu proposed Abdullah Gül as a joint candidate , but heavy opposition from the CHP and the insistence of Meral Akşener on being her own party 's candidate led to this proposal being rejected .
On 31 January 2013 , candidate Paruyr Hayrikyan was shot , but he recovered soon and urged two other main opposition candidates Raffi Hovannisian and Hrant Bagratyan to unite around a single opposition candidate , in order to defeat President Sargsyan .
The lowest turnout , 56 % , was in Ceuta ; the highest , 88 % , in Palencia .
Following its release , the band played their first European tour in the summer of 1987 , the German leg of which was named the ' Seeing Red Tour ' by its organisers and co-headliners , the Lübeck -based band Pissed Boys .
He also obtained a certificate in private and public international law from the Hague Academy of International Law in the Netherlands .
However , monarchs heading empires have not always used the title in all contexts - the British sovereign did not assume the title Empress of the British Empire even during the British Raj , though she was declared Empress of India .
In 1974 , he hired a then unknown Reba McEntire to sing the National Anthem at the National Rodeo Finals .
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger administered the presidential oath of office to Reagan , who placed his hand upon a family Bible given to him by his mother , open to
Frederick , now one of the seven Prince-electors , was a member of the House of Wettin , which since 1089 had ruled over the adjacent Margraviate of Meissen up the Elbe river , established under Emperor Otto I in 965 , and since 1242 also over the Landgraviate of Thuringia .
After the 2006 Hungarian parliamentary election , he joined the Christian Democratic People 's Party parliamentary group , coalition partner of the Fidesz .
Two days later Margaret Thatcher supported John Major for the post , and Major went on to become Prime Minister .
Ukshin Hoti was born in the village of Krushë e Madhe / Velika Kruša in the Rahovec / Orahovac Municipality at the time part of Italian-occupied Yugoslavia .
The series stars an ensemble cast including Winona Ryder , David Harbour , Finn Wolfhard , Millie Bobby Brown , Gaten Matarazzo , Caleb McLaughlin , Noah Schnapp , Natalia Dyer , Charlie Heaton , Joe Keery and Cara Buono .
Adams would go on to serve as Secretary of State in the Cabinet of James Monroe and was 1824 United States presidential election .
" Kadhalan " ( ) is a 1994 Indian Tamil-language romantic thriller film written and directed by S. Shankar and produced by K. T. Kunjumon .
He was appointed Titular Archbishop of Tharros and appointed pro-nuncio in Pakistan on 23 June 1970 by Pope Paul VI .
As war refugees moved out of the displaced persons camp s to the United States , VLIK also moved its headquarters to New York City in 1955 .
A former Canadian Security Intelligence Service officer , Mike Frost , has told how Canada ' s listening capabilities had been utilised by Margaret Thatcher , then Prime Minister , to spy on two unnamed cabinet colleagues .
One of his faithful companions was Zheng Xiaoxu , a Qing reformist and loyalist .
On 2 July 2007 , a Pre-Trial Chamber of the International Criminal Court found that there were reasonable grounds to believe that Katanga bore individual criminal responsibility for war crime s and crimes against humanity committed during the Bogoro attack , and issued a sealed warrant for his arrest .
Shane Lacy Hensley had the idea for a new game centering on cowboys and zombies as he was setting up Pinnacle Entertainment Group , when he saw the Brom painting of a Confederate vampire on the cover of White Wolf ' s then-unreleased " Necropolis : Atlanta " ; he thus began writing what would eventually become " Deadlands " .
Yuan Shikai , former President of the Republic of China , attempted to restore a monarchy with himself as the Hongxian Emperor , however his reign as Emperor ended on 22 March 1916 .
The Belgian Constitution of 1831 was created in the aftermath of the secession of Belgium from the United Kingdom of the Netherlands in the Belgian Revolution .
An enormously popular candidate , Osuji was heavily favored to win the governorship election ahead of the late Senator Evan Enwerem of the National Republican Convention .
The Australian Consulate-General in Nouméa reports directly to the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade in Canberra , Australia , just as the Australian embassies and high commissions around the world and is Australia 's fourth-oldest diplomatic posting ( after London , 1910 ; Ottawa , 1939 ; and Washington , 1940 ) , having been established on 6 August 1940 , when Bertram Ballard was posted to Nouméa .
Government of the Punjab , Home Department , Lahore ' s Notifications No.SO ( Prs ) 18-24 / 2009 dated 26 September 2009 and even No. dated 26 March 2010 .
After Radu Vasile became prime minister in 1998 , Frunzăverde moved to the position of Minister of Tourism .
Although he returned to Nyasaland in 1955 , Musopole maintained links with the SACP , which in 1957 sponsored him for a scholarship the Moscow State University , which he did not take upMcCracken ( 2002 ) , p .
The Helms Center hosts a center-sponsored lecture series with such notable participants as former United Kingdom Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , and the Dalai Lama of Tibet .
In 1987 it started more and more frequently attacking the Yugoslav People 's Army ( YPA ) and its leadership , for instance labeling the defense minister , Branko Mamula , a " merchant of death " for selling arms to famine-stricken Ethiopia .
In the 2012 presidential election , Democrat Barack Obama received 2,451 votes ( 66.8 % vs. 54.8 % countywide ) , ahead of Republican Mitt Romney with 1,135 votes ( 30.9 % vs. 43.5 % ) and other candidates with 47 votes ( 1.3 % vs. 0.9 % ) , among the 3,668 ballots cast by the borough 's 5,065 registered voters , for a turnout of 72.4 % ( vs. 70.4 % in Bergen County ) .
Election analyst and pundit Larry Sabato described both candidates as follows : " Payne lacks the charisma that Landrith exudes on television and in debates .
At the beginning of 1934 , after the capital was transferred from Kharkiv to Kiev , many new projects were started for the reconstruction of the new capital .
The first Labour Party had been established in 1910 after the perceived failure of its predecessor , the Independent Political Labour League .
In 1984 Jordan returned to New Orleans to serve as assistant U.S. attorney under then-U.S. Attorney John Volz , a Republican appointed by U.S. President Ronald W. Reagan .
In the winter and spring of 1864 , when the North German Confederation ( and southern German allies ) invaded and occupied the German-speaking provinces of Denmark ( Schleswig and Holstein ) , Napoleon III recognized the threat that a unified Germany would pose to France , and he looked for allies to challenge Germany , without success .
The couple moved to Delhi but returned within a few years to Kolkata , where Sen died on 11 September 1987 .
Dred Scott and his wife Harriet Scott each sued for freedom in St. Louis after the death of their master , based on their having been held in a free territory ( the northern part of the Louisiana Purchase from which slavery was excluded under the terms of the Missouri Compromise ) .
This led the International Criminal Court to declare apartheid a crime against humanity .
The opportunity was taken up by around 20 secondary school students ( including Charles Shaar Murray and Deyan Sudjic ) , who were responsible for " Oz " No.28 ( May 1970 ) , generally known as " Schoolkids Oz .
Independent MLA Elayne Brenzinger , a former Liberal , became DRBC 's first MLA on January 19 , 2005 .
Rafsanjani , who had been regarded as the front-runner and had positioned himself as a centrist , was defeated by Ahmadinejad in the run-off , while reformist candidate Mostafa Moeen fared poorly and finished only fifth in the first round .
Humfrey Jonathon Malins CBE ( born 31 July 1945 , in Nuneaton , Warwickshire ) is a United Kingdom Conservative Party politician , who was Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Croydon North West and later Woking .
The reason being was that President Sooronbay Jeenbekov found that the Internal Troops as part of the National Guard have limited potential and capabilities in resolving service and combat tasks.clashes .
In 2015 , Reid gave the inaugural Ida B. Wells lecture at Wake Forest University ' s Anna J. Cooper Center .
Also , in contrast with the Indian National Congress and the Muslim League , the Unionists supported the British Raj , and contested elections for the Punjab Legislative Council and the central Legislative Council at a time when the Congress and the Muslim League were boycotting them .
In 1978 , he was defeated in the primary for Governor of Pennsylvania by Dick Thornburgh .
The Jaffa Electric Company was founded in 1923 by Pinhas Rutenberg , and was later absorbed into a newly created Palestine Electric Corporation ; the First Jordan Hydro-Electric Power House was opened in 1933 .
John Lewis said " I 've got to be moved by my conscience , " and Barbara Lee said " This president does not respect the office , he dishonors it .
A peace conference to settle the dispute was held later in the year in Berlin .
It was accompanied by a 16GB USB that contained all the evidence gathered by the author for this research , including about 12,000 pages of documents located in the National Archives of South Africa , Portugal and England , 137 interviews , including 69 with people who knew Tsafendas personally , some of them well and even as a child , as well as thousands of newspaper articles .
The current regional government has been in office from 29 June 2015 , under the leadership of President Luca Zaia of Liga Veneta - Lega Nord .
In 1896 Noble came to work at Yarrabah Mission near Cairns , where he ' became indispensable ' to the missionary efforts of superintendent Ernest Gribble .
Intense political disagreements led to bitter resentments , which in turn led to a challenge to a duel and the fatal encounter in a ravine near Lake Merced in San Francisco .
The first was to advance swiftly to seize Chengdu , Yi Province 's capital , from Liu Zhang with a special task force .
In the summer of 1899 , Bälz visited the Korea n capital Seoul and Busan and undertook ethnological investigations .
In November 2013 , President Barack Obama signed the Streamlining Claims Processing for Federal Contractor Employees Act into law .
His last romance with a woman was a nearly two-year-long affair with Irish-American Catholic Kathleen Sullivan Alioto , a Boston School Committee member and the daughter of former New England Patriots owner Billy Sullivan , that began in 1974 .
4 were killed ; Defense minister Dawoud Rajiha , Deputy head of armed forces Assef Shawkat , General Hasan Turkmani and National security chief Hisham Ikhtiyar .. Bbc.co.uk ( 2012-07-20 ) .
Collindridge was elected as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Barnsley at a by-election in 1938 , and represented the constituency until he died during the campaign for the 1951 United Kingdom general election in Barnsley aged 60 .
It participated in the Pětka coalition governments , and it was a member of the International Agrarian Bureau .
He narrowly won a full term 2010 Illinois gubernatorial election .
With the bill stalled in the Senate , Illinois Senator Stephen A. Douglas led a successful effort to split it into separate measures so that each legislator could vote against the parts his state opposed without endangering the overall package .
Under Tony Blair ' s leadership , Margaret Beckett was the Shadow Secretary of State for Health , and then from 1995 the shadow President of the Board of Trade .
Hoover 's running mate was Senate Majority Leader Charles Curtis of Kansas , while Smith ran with Senator Joseph Taylor Robinson of Arkansas .
Asking his chief minister what island it was , he was told that it was the island of Temasek now known as Singapore .
She was a member of the National Organization for Women and lobbied for passage of the Equal Rights Amendment while in Congress .
Clinton defeated Republican nominee Bob Dole and independent candidate Ross Perot in the presidential election , taking 379 of the 538 electoral vote s .
Other APA members included the former Democrat Queensland Senator John Woodley and Elisabeth Kirkby , a former Democrat member of the New South Wales Legislative Council .
Agency analysts in 1972 concentrated on Lebanon , President Richard Nixon ' s visit to China , the 1973 Chilean coup d 'état , the formation of Sri Lanka , and the prisoners of war being held in Southeast Asia .
Ładoś believed Poland should seek rapprochement with the Soviet Union as a possible ally against Nazi Germany and advocated closer cooperation with Czechoslovakia .
In 1979 , Veil was elected as a Member of the European Parliament in the 1979 European Parliament election in France .
As a result , in the 2017 Artsakhian presidential election the National Assembly re-elected Bako Sahakyan as President for the next three years until the general election .
The officers on the court-martial , all handpicked by Secretary of War Edwin Stanton , voted to convict Porter of cowardice and disobedience .
In December 2011 , Liechtenstein became the fourth non- European Union country to join the Schengen Area after Switzerland , Norway and Iceland .
In 1923 , Law was forced to resign due to failing health and there was discussion as to whether he would be succeeded by Stanley Baldwin or Lord Curzon .
Bohemia and Moravia , or what is now the territory of the Czech Republic , remained majority Hussite for two centuries until Roman Catholic Christianity was reimposed by the Holy Roman Emperor after the 1620 Battle of White Mountain during the Thirty Years ' War .
One third of the council was up for election : the seats of which were last contested in 1992 City of Lincoln Council election .
The GECF was established in Tehran , Iran , in 2001 .
In 1926 , it formed a new party , the Roman Catholic State Party , which was the continuation of the General League with a stronger organisation .
Any citizen can become a member of the GGB , independent of sex , gender , sexual orientation , gender identity or expression , race or ethnicity , religion , or List of political ideologies : the GGB presently has 500 regular members .
Clive Palmer 's United Australia Party ( Clive Palmer 's UAP ) , formerly known as the United Australia Party ( UAP ) and Palmer United Party ( PUP ) , is an Australian political party formed by mining magnate Clive Palmer in April 2013 .
Maurice Macmillan was a Cabinet minister in Edward Heath ' s government in the 1970s , as well as the son of former Conservative Prime Minister Harold Macmillan , who was still alive when his son died .
He also stood in the 2016 Hong Kong legislative election where he stood in New Territories East on the Democratic ticket behind Lam Cheuk-ting , who defeated Ting-endorsed Au Chun-wah in the intra-party primary , and Emily Lau and successfully got Lam elected .
The 1986 Fife Regional Council election , the fourth election to Fife Regional Council , was held on 8 May 1986 as part of the wider 1986 Scottish regional elections .
Milanović won by just over 104,000 votes , becoming the fifth President of Croatia since independence and the second to have been officially nominated by the Social Democratic Party of Croatia , after Ivo Josipović ( 2010-2015 ) .
Historically , kings of the Achaemenid Empire were followers of Zoroaster or heavily influenced by Zoroastrian ideology .
Similar ideas have gained traction amongst IMF , World Bank and European Commission policy makers in recent years notably in the last months of 2014 / early 2015 : Annual Meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank Group ( October 2014 ) and adoption of the € 315 bn European Commission Investment Plan for Europe ( December 2014 ) .
He withdrew on 25 October , and endorsed the eventual winner , Paul Nuttall .
After being discharged in 1967 , Brown joined the National Urban League , a leading economic equality group in the United States .
On 1 July 2009 , Ivo Sanader abruptly announced his resignation from politics and appointed Jadranka Kosor as his successor .
Smedley was also a Liberal politician , standing against Rab Butler in Saffron Walden in the general elections of 1950 United Kingdom general election and 1951 United Kingdom general election .
As an activist and organizer , he is best known for his work with the Hip Hop Congress .
Upon arrival , he is shocked to find his mother singing and laughing along with her brother-in-law , Khurram ( Kay Kay Menon ) .
The New Asia College which was established in 1949 by a group of anti-communist mainland scholars including Ch 'ien Mu and Tang Chun-i also attempted the promote the Confucian teachings and Chinese traditional values .
" Minister says water agency to be sold , " " Toronto Star " , October 17 , 1996 In October of that year , the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario government under Premier Mike Harris , which came to power in 1995 Ontario general election , announced its plans to turn ownership of the facilities over to the municipalities and privatize OCWA as an environmental consulting firm .
Towards the end of July 2011 , party leaders of the Rattachist -separatist Walloon Rally ( which does not have any seats in parliament ) have had talks with the Union for a Popular Movement of French President Nicolas Sarkozy and the French Socialist Party resulting that in the event of the split with Flanders , Wallonia could become the 28th region of France .
Since the leading candidate in opposition to President John Quincy Adams was General Andrew Jackson , a Mason who mocked opponents of the order , Anti-Masonry became closely associated with opposition to Jackson , and to his Jacksonian democracy policies once he was elected president in 1828.Brodie , pp. 38-39
With the counting of special votes , however , the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand crossed the minimum 5 % threshold of votes and received an electorate MP , which in turn allowed them to have seats in Parliament .
Narayanan theorizes that the Mushika family may have migrated from the Heheya kingdom of Cenral India to Kerala at the beginning of the Maurya Empire .
It was preceded by the 2004 Cardiff Council election and followed by the 2012 Cardiff Council election
BBC journalists including Andrew Marr , John Pienaar , John Humphrys , and Laura Kuenssberg appear as themselves .
Democrat Mark Takano , who has represented the 41st district since 2013 , won reelection .
After attending a meeting of the German Workers ' Party , he is recruited by the party 's leader , Anton Drexler , to organise its propaganda activities and give increasingly popular speeches that harp on the themes that Germany has been betrayed by the leaders who surrendered in the last war , and that Communists and Jews are sapping the German spirit from within .
In 1953 Philippine presidential election , Senator Carlos P. Garcia ( who was on his second year of service in the Senate ) was elected Vice President of the Philippines .
In 2009 , Transparency International ranked the nation in last place on its annual Corruption Perceptions Index ( CPI ) ,
Alexander received 2,442 votes ( 9.10 % ) in the 1997 election , finishing fourth against New Democratic Party candidate Pat Martin .
He is currently living and working in New York City .
The Republican Simon Cameron was elected to the United States Senate by the General Assembly , consisting of the House of Representatives and the Senate , in January 1857 .
They were non-partisan officially , although both Robert Pearson and Roberta MacAdams allied themselves to Labour and NPL MLAs by showing social consciousness in regards the conditions available for returned soldiers and working families .
At the final contested election , 1831 United Kingdom general election , it was estimated that these amounted to 170 eligible voters , and 112 actually voted .
Chinese investment in Hambantota , and Sri Lanka 's dialogue partner status in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation ( SCO ) , is seen by some Indian analysts as reflective of a wider encirclement strategy on the part of the Chinese.Khurana , Gurpreet S .
He has been active with the Republican Party since the late 1970s , serving in a variety of roles ranging from precinct chairman to chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party State Convention .
According to Corey Pein , " Friedman wanted to improve the image of neoreaction by using TV-ready , buzzword-laden euphemisms like ' competitive governance ' rather than referring directly to the Curtis Yarvin ideal of corporate dictatorship .
Even though both parties campaigned against each other , they joined together to form a coalition government , with Mufti Mohammad Sayeed becoming the chief minister .
In late 1992 , the late Henry W. Kendall , a former chair of the Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS ) board of directors , wrote the first warning World Scientists ' Warning to Humanity , which begins : " Human beings and the natural world are on a collision course .
General St. Clair and his superior , General Philip Schuyler , were vilified by Congress .
Otto , pp. 168 , 172 The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom had unsuccessfully urged President Barack Obama to raise human rights concerns with King Abdullah on his March 2014 visit to the Kingdom especially the imprisonments of Sultan Hamid Marzooq al-Enezi , Saud Falih Awad al-Enezi , and Raif Badawi .. United States Commission on International Religious Freedom .
After graduating in 2003 , Kennedy joined the Peace Corps ; a fluent speaker of Spanish , he worked in the Puerto Plata province of the Dominican Republic from 2004 to 2006 , helping local tour guides in the 27 Charcos reserve in the Río Damajagua Park .
It was placed under the responsibility of the defence minister , Son Sen .
Supporters included Lt.-Col. Anatole Nsengiyumva and Protais Zigiranyirazo , both later charged by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda .
" Simpson , Christoper " America 's Recruitment of Nazis and Its Destructive Impact on Our Domestic and Foreign Policy " , London : Weidenfeld & amp ; Nicolson , 1988 p.81-82. The German writer , investigative reporter and journalist Günter Wallraff traveled to Greece in May 1974 .
The elections of November 1919 were successful for his party , and he replaced the National Liberal Ion I. C. Brătianu as Prime Minister and Nicolae Mișu as Foreign Minister .
The Ado-Odo / Ota Local Government Area is one of the 19 Local Government Areas of Ogun State , Nigeria .
) ) closer to each other , and farther from dissimilar legislators ( e.g. , conservative Senator Tom Coburn .
While the bill had bi-partisan support from its sponsors ( Lindsey Graham , Josh Hawley , Dianne Feinstein , and Richard Blumenthal ) and backing from groups like National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the National Center on Sexual Exploitation ,
At the bottom of the Democrats were Mark Warner , Jon Tester , Joe Donnelly , Heidi Heitkamp , Joe Manchin , and Claire McCaskill .
The list includes all travels outside of the Headquarters of the United Nations in New York City , United States .
Kyle Lockwood ( born 1977 ) is a New Zealand architectural designer based in Melbourne , Australia .
The Senate of the Roman Empire was a political institution in the ancient Roman Empire .
Volt candidates stood on a common , pan-European manifesto in eight member states at the 2019 European Parliament election .
The LCR-MC unit had great importance in the Spanish politics of the 1980s , as they were some of the main promoters of the mobilizations against the NATO ( through the Anti-NATO Commission and the Civic Platform ) and later against the US bases in Spain , in the trial of the GAL , in the insubordinate movement against the compulsory military service , in the development of the feminist movement or even the first manifestations of the gay pride day .
Virginia has been a seat of Christian Right politics , being the state where the Christian Coalition of America ' s first headquarters were established .
In the 1890s Julia Lathrop , Florence Kelley , and other residents of the house made it a world center of social reform activity .
The Australian Labor Party was defending two seats .
A day after the Dade County repeal , State Assemblyman Art Agnos , who represented portions of San Francisco with a very high population of gays and lesbians , decided not to submit a gay civil rights bill to the state legislature , reasoning that it no longer had any support.Shilts ( 1982 ) , p .
CBS war correspondent Bill Downs wrote in 1951 that , " To my mind , the answer is : Yes , Korea is the beginning of World War
The constituency was created in 1984 from the Noakhali-1 constituency when the former Noakhali District was split into three districts : Feni , Noakhali , and Lakshmipur .
The policies which Bramah attributed to his fictional Labour Government proved a good prediction of those actually enacted by the Labour Government of Clement Attlee which swept to power following the British 1945 United Kingdom general election .
Nationalist leader Saad Zaghloul , who had been exiled to Aden , Seychelles and Gibraltar , returned to Egypt on 17 September to take part in the electoral campaign .
From the time of the Umayyad conquest of Hispania and throughout the Reconquista , marriage between Spanish and Umayyad Caliphate royals was not uncommon .
In the Senate , Edmunds took an active part in the attempt to impeach President Andrew Johnson in 1868.John Niven , , 1995 , Chapter 31
When he was three years old , his family moved to Jerusalem , Israel , where he and his sister spent their early childhood years .
The other major feature was the sudden rise of the federalist Lega Nord , which increased its vote from 0.5 % of the preceding elections to more than 8 % , increasing from a single member both in the Chamber and the Senate to 55 and 25 , respectively .
In addition , Teivainen has evaluated projects for the Trade Union Solidarity Centre of Finland in Colombia and the Dominican Republic .
In 1922 , Bajić moved to Belgrade , the capital of Kingdom of Yugoslavia ( now Serbia ) , where he completed grammar school and teacher school .
Harrington , Kahn and Horowitz were officers and staff-persons of the League for Industrial Democracy ( LID ) , which helped to start the New Left Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) .
The statue of Saint Wenceslas in Prague , Czech Republic depicts Wenceslaus I , Duke of Bohemia .
He also played a central role in Japan 's transformation into a totalitarian state by passing the National Mobilization Law and founding the Imperial Rule Assistance Association .
After moving to London before World War II , he accepted an appointment as the Director of Plans and Campaigns at the Political Warfare Executive branch of the Government , which was responsible for the allied war propaganda effort .
Ralliement national ( RN ) ( in English : " National Rally " ) was a separatist provincial political party that advocated the political independence of Quebec from Canada in the 1960s .
In May Great North , Pro Lombardy Independence and other small autonomist movements of Northern Italy announced their support for Gheller 's candidacy .
This article gives an overview of liberalism in Norway .
At the 1931 United Kingdom general election , Bevin was persuaded by the remaining leaders of the Labour Party to contest Gateshead , on the understanding that if successful he would remain as general secretary of the TGWU .
During the 1914 to 1918 war , " Metropolitan " frequently contained articles critical of United States President Woodrow Wilson .
The influential court treatise " Zabu Kun-Cha " , which includes Machiavellian political principles , and mentions several archaeologically known Pyu city-states settlements unmentioned in other prior Burmese chronicles , is attributed to Min Yaza .
The Bangladesh Army also participated in peace keeping activities in Namibia , Cambodia , Somalia , Uganda , Rwanda , Mozambique , former Yugoslavia , Liberia , Haiti , Tajikistan , Western Sahara , Sierra Leone , Kosovo , Georgia , East Timor , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Côte d 'Ivoire and Ethiopia .
The Green Party announced on 21 October its three ministers outside cabinet and one parliamentary under-secretary slots as James Shaw , Julie Anne Genter , Jan Logie and Eugenie Sage .
but finished third against Coulter and Stephen Juba .
In the 1990 New York gubernatorial election , Cuomo was re-elected with 53.17 % of the vote to Republican Pierre Andrew Rinfret ' s 21.35 % and Conservative Herbert London ' s 20.40 % .
With the reunification of Germany and the decision to move the capital from Bonn back to Berlin , it was also decided that the original Reichstag building should be rebuilt along with a new dome that emphasized a unified Germany .
The cabinet was composed mainly of Doctrinaires , liberal royalists who formed a moderate group inside the Chamber of Deputies , opposed to the more radical Ultra-royalist .
He founded the National Party of Honduras in 1918 , and was President of Honduras twice ; briefly in 1924 and from 1933 to 1949 .
The designation " Southern Rhodesia " was first used officially in 1898 in the Southern Rhodesia Order in Council of 20 October 1898 , which applied to the area south of the Zambezi , and was more common after the BSAC merged the administration of the two northern territories as Northern Rhodesia in 1911 .
In 1984 , Richardson was invited by the Reagan Administration to participate at the White House in a series of briefings by President Ronald Reagan and his Cabinet .
Until the docks were nationalised after World War II , most of the men working in the docks were employed on a contingent daily basis ; the casual nature of this work made it difficult to make a decent living , and Bermondsey was an area of great poverty While at the Settlement , which had been established by Rev. John Scott Lidgett , Salter set up mutual health insurance schemes and adult education classes on health matters .
He ranked as one of the Radical supporters of the new dynasty , in opposition to the party of which his rival François Guizot was the chief literary man , and Guizot 's patron , the duc de Broglie , the main pillar .
The party won its first principal authority elections at the 2019 United Kingdom local elections , taking seats on Selby District Council and East Riding of Yorkshire Council .
When Pakistani freethinker Dr. Younus Shaikh was in prison and awaiting the death penalty for alleged blasphemous remarks regarding Muhammad in 2000 , Ajoy Roy organised the ' Save Dr. Yunus Shaikh Committee ' and held meetings , processions , seminars , road side demonstration and staged demonstration against Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf in front of the Pakistan High commission at Dhaka .
Asadullah Khalid is a politician in Afghanistan .
A fascist puppet state known as the Independent State of Croatia ( " Nezavisna država Hrvatska " or NDH ) was proclaimed on 10 April , and included almost all of modern-day Croatia , all of modern-day Bosnia-Herzegovina and parts of modern-day Serbia .
In 1995 , Myint Hlaing attended military training in Nanjing , China .
James Richard Wilkinson was the Chief of Staff to Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson in the George W. Bush administration .
Responding to the action , the two largest Islamic mass organizations in Indonesia , Nahdlatul Ulama and Muhammadiyah chose not to be involved considering its political implications.Nasional Kompas : at a meeting with Commission III on February 22 , 2017 .
Ruth Ann Minner was term-limited in 2008 .
Xiahou Xuan had a sister Xiahou Hui , the wife of Sima Shi .
In this , she departs from and contrasts her approach to other political philosophers such as John Rawls and David Miller and the focus on distributive and statist approaches to justice , and draws much inspiration from Hannah Arendt ' s work .
After hitchhiking through Europe , she returned to Canada and became involved in politics , working on Nova Scotia Progressive Conservative leader Robert Stanfield ' s campaign which won an upset victory in the 1956 provincial election .
This brought about a split in the ALF in 1993 , with a pro-Arafat Oslo faction becoming the Palestinian Arab Front and re-locating to the Palestinian territories ; while the remainder of the ALF remaining in the Rejectionist Front .
Georgy Lvov formed a new government on 2 March .
At various times he worked for the intelligence services of Nazi Germany , Great Britain , the Soviet Union , and West Germany .
From the seven competing countries , the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia nations of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia and Slovenia qualified for Eurovision 1993 , which was held on 15 May 1993 in Millstreet , Ireland .
One of such nationalist blunders made in the campaign was that in their attack on Jining , the nationalists did not besiege the city and thus the enemy defending the city were able to withdraw .
In July 1992 , González Vernaza 's son Pedro Miguel González Pinzón was accused of the murder of US Army Sgt. Zak Hernandez , who had been shot to death in his Humvee , and a warrant was issued for González Pinzón 's arrest .
Ua Briain was certainly a formidable potential ally , having recently imposed his dominance over the kingdoms of Connacht , Leinster , Kingdom of Meath , and Kingdom of Dublin as well .
After the campaign of 1813 Mariano Montilla joined the forces of Simón Bolívar and was engaged in several battles between 1813 and 1814 .
Frydenberg was born in Melbourne and educated at Bialik and Mount Scopus Colleges .
In 1962 the Christian Democracy ( DC ) leader Amintore Fanfani formed a cabinet with members of the Italian Social Democratic Party ( PSDI ) and the Italian Republican Party ( PRI ) ; it is considered the beginning of the Organic Centre-left .
At the time of the alleged attack , Strauss-Kahn was the head of the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and considered to be a leading candidate for the 2012 French presidential election .
She became Queens borough president Donald Manes ' director of community boards in 1972 and his deputy in 1980 .
This species is endemic to Mexico .
" The first annual conference of the British Socialist Party " , British Socialist Party , p.10 Around this time , he became interested in syndicalism , a position which Maclean did not share , but this did not produce a lasting rift , and MacDougall was soon back to acting as Maclean 's chief supporter.Brian John Ripley and J. McHugh , " John Maclean " , pp.57
The city had two park and ride sites - off the A38 in Perdiswell ( from 2001 ) and at Sixways Stadium next to the M5 ( from 2009 ) .
Deputy Secretary of Defense John Hamre delivered the keynote address .
Walter E. Washington was named to the post , and was retained by Johnson 's successor , Richard Nixon .
During the Japanese occupation , Zulueta was accused of collaboration , along with Jorge B. Vargas , Jorge Bocobo and Manuel Roxas , being the first to respond to General Homma 's order to form an Executive Commission .
It was created by former supporters of Michelle Bachelet , Marcel Claude , Franco Parisi and Alfredo Sfeir , who were presidential candidates for the 2013 Chilean general election .
In 1979 when Ghana returned to constitutional rule , Nana was invited by Victor Owusu , a long time friend who eventually led the Popular Front Party , to stand and run for parliament on the ticket of the Popular Front Party .
The city commission government form consequently came into use in 1913 , with H. Russell Albee being the first mayor under the new system .
On May 29 , 2014 , Michaud called for the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki in response to problems in the Veterans Health Administration regarding long wait times and coverups of poor performance .
The site under consideration , on the north side of Jasper Avenue , is now occupied by the Citadel Theatre ( opened 1976 ) , Sun Life Place ( 1978 ) , and Canada Place ( 1988 ) .
After high school she studied real estate law , and took Open University of Israel course in history of the people of Israel .
José Hipólito Salas y Toro ( August 13 , 1812 - July 20 , 1883 ) was a Chile an Catholic priest and theologian .
The Bolivian Democratic Union ( Spanish : " Unión Democrática Boliviana " , UDB ) was a right-wing political party in Bolivia .
There were only two State Councils : the First , elected in 1931 Ceylonese State Council election , and the Second , elected in 1936 Ceylonese State Council election .
President of Bolivia Evo Morales was critical of the US decision and accused Guatemala of mocking the international community and ignoring UN resolutions by moving its embassy to Jerusalem .
After the resignations of George Earle Chamberlain ( to take up a Senate seat ) and Frank W. Benson ( due to illness ) , then President of the Oregon Senate Jay Bowerman took up the role as Governor for the remainder of the term .
Azneft , a business that integrated the Azerbaijani oil industry was created after the Bolshevik Revolution through the nationalization of the Azerbaijan i oil industry .
It used the dissatisfaction with the socialist and egalitarian policies of the Labour Party to rally middle-class supporters and build a political comeback that won them the 1951 United Kingdom general election .
Earlier in 1972 , MGR had founded the ADMK following his expulsion from the DMK after differences arose between him and DMK leader M. Karunanidhi .
Deng first met Liu Xiu when both were visiting and studying in the Xin dynasty capital of Chang 'an , perhaps in 12 .
I think that it is consistent with the statement by Theodore Roosevelt that a leader should speak softly but carry a big stick , and that SmokeyJoe has stressed that the mediator should speak softly .
As of 2012 , Maryland residents had the 15th highest electricity rates in the United States and average monthly residential electric bills in Maryland were the 4th highest in the nation .
In 1915 Haitian President Vilbrun Guillaume Sam was killed by a mob .
The election victories of Doherty and Agnew also had political impact in the Republic of Ireland , as they denied power to Charles Haughey ' s outgoing Fianna Fáil government .
Though Democrats maintained a majority in the House of Representatives during the 97th Congress , Reagan was able to convince conservative Democrats like Phil Gramm to support the bill .
A new coalition was formed between PvdA and the liberal parties VVD and Democrats 66 ( D66 ) , consigning the CDA to opposition for the first time ever .
He came third with 6.45 percent after Zsolt Láng ( Fidesz ) and Katalin Lévai ( Hungarian Socialist Party ) .
On 19 March 1933 the church was inaugurated , soon after Klarwein , his wife and son Mati emigrated to Mandatory Palestine , because of the Nazi takeover ( Machtergreifung ) .
Through this declaration , the British government unilaterally ended its protectorate over Egypt and granted it nominal independence with the exception of four " reserved " areas : foreign relations , communications , the military and the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan .
Pazniak and the Conservative Christian Party - BPF refused to join elections in the oppositional coalition led by Aliaksandar Milinkevich in 2006 Belarusian presidential election .
The film was a pilot for a television series which never materialized and it also followed the success of Goldie Hawn ' s movie , " Private Benjamin " , which itself spawned a television series in the spring of 1981 .
He was awarded the Senior Service Fellows from John F. Kennedy School of Government , Harvard University , Massachusetts , USA in 1994 .
Park had represented County of Durham in the old Legislative Council , while another representative in Charles Cowper contested Sydney City .
These are on display in the foyer of the Khalil Sakakini Cultural Center .
In Eibar , Barcelona , Valencia , Madrid and other cities the Second Spanish Republic was proclaimed .
The Capetian-Plantagenet rivalry was a series of conflicts and disputes that covered a period of 100 years ( 1159-1259 ) , during which the House of Capet , rulers of the Kingdom of France , fought against the House of Plantagenet ( also known as the House of Anjou , rulers of the Kingdom of England ) in order to suppress the growing power of the Plantagenet-controlled Angevin Empire .
Ranking Republican Jeff Sessions ( R- AL ) then began questioning , and notably referenced her " wise Latina " remark .
She has represented Australia at international competitions .
A review by sleep researcher Dennis Rosen for " The Boston Globe " concludes that " although extensively researched and drawing upon hundreds of sources , the gaps in his theory remain too large for him to succeed in making a convincing argument , " and compares Whitaker to Thabo Mbeki and AIDS denialism .
The Hunters Point social uprising ( also known as the Hunters Point Riot or Rebellion ) broke out in the Hunters Point neighborhood of San Francisco on the night of September 27 , 1966 , after San Francisco Police Department ( SFPD ) officer Alvin Johnson shot and killed Matthew Johnson , a teenager who was fleeing the scene of a stolen car .
In the 2009 European Parliament election in Lithuania , they won 8.2 % and one seat .
It also deals with problems caused for Iran by Libya submission to the demands of the US and the UK .
Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party ( PAS ) deputy president Mohamad Sabu said there were many " concerns " about how the Next Malaysian general election will be conducted .
In the 1999 Turkish local elections , Ağbaba was elected Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) Provincial President .
This allowed the creation of a Moldavia n monastery in Balta ( now in Ukraine ) dedicated to Feodosie Levitzky , a priest known for his philanthropic activities .
On June 26 , 2014 , incumbent councillor Russ Powers announced he would be retiring from municipal politics after serving for 27 years as a town councillor in Dundas , regional councillor in the former region of Hamilton-Wentworth , and as Ancaster - Dundas - Flamborough - Westdale MP from 2004 Canadian federal election to 2006 Canadian federal election .
The Taipei Commercial Office in Bogotá , Colombia ; ( ) ( Spanish : Oficina Comercial de Taipei en Bogotá , Colombia ) represents the interests of Taiwan in Colombia in the absence of formal diplomatic relations , functioning as a " de facto " embassy .
Following the Swedish defeat in the war and the signing of the Treaty of Fredrikshamn on 17 September 1809 , Finland became a true autonomous grand principality within the autocratic Russian Empire ; but the usual balance of power between monarch and diet resting on taxation was not in place , since the Emperor could rely on the rest of his vast Empire .
During the spring of 1920 , Šmeral visited Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic where he discussed the future directions of the left movement in Czechoslovakia with Vladimir Lenin .
Macdonald won the seat and with Thomas Burt was among the first working-class members of the House of Commons .
In 1925 he became a professor at the University of Copenhagen .
Kwabena Boafo ( born September 1 , 1977 ) is a Ghana ian football player who played for Hearts of Oak .
Adam Bandt , the Member of the Australian Parliament for Melbourne , criticized the decision to remove protesters , saying " Victorian Premier Ted Baillieu and Lord Mayor Robert Doyle have made a huge blunder by sending in the police , turning a week-long non-violent protest into a site of confrontation .
The group was reported to have the support of the French National Front ( FN ) , the Dutch Party for Freedom ( PVV ) , the Flemish Vlaams Belang ( VB ) , the Freedom Party of Austria ( FPÖ ) , the Sweden Democrats ( SD ) , the Slovak National Party and the Italian Lega Nord ( LN ) .
He also criticised UK Prime Minister David Cameron and French president François Hollande for opposing the European Commission 's proposal to distribute asylum requests for migrants over all countries of the European Union .
Due to Volio 's guerrilla past and the abandonment of his habits , he was compared to Judas , Martin Luther and Pancho Villa .
David was elected to the House of Representatives as an NDC candidate from the Town of St. Georges in the 2003 Grenadian general election .
He defeated Democratic 4th District Congressman Wayne Dowdy by almost eight points .
As Israel 's national airline , El Al has played an important role in humanitarian rescue efforts , airlifting Jews from other countries to Israel , setting the world record for the most passengers on a commercial aircraft ( single plane record of 1,088 passengers on a 747 ) by Operation Solomon when 14,500 Jewish refugees were transported from Ethiopia in 1991 .
Basave was originally a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and served in several positions .
On 14 November Senor Adolfo Díaz took office .
On 2 April , Sir Kinahan Cornwallis , the new British Ambassador to Iraq , arrived in Baghdad .
Kelly Tung Kin-lei ( ) is a Hong Kong politician associated with the pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong .
His engineer for this project , Gunvald Aus , bound the brick dome in reinforcing steel bands , and Gilbert crowned the paired columns round the drum ( which act as buttress es to counter the dome 's weight ) with additional stone .
The Republican Turkish Party was established in 1970 by Ahmet Mithat Berberoğlu , in opposition to Rauf Denktaş , and later his National Unity Party ( UBP ) .
A few years later ( 1141 ) , as the peace negotiations leading up to the Treaty of Shaoxing between the Jin and the Song empires were proceeding , the Jin Empire posthumously honored the former Emperor Huizong with the neutral-sounding title of " Prince of Tianshui Commandery " ( 天水郡王 ) , after a commandery Tianshui in the upper reaches of the Wei River , which is the traditional Junwang ( 郡望 , zh ) of the surname Zhao .
The party competed as one single party under the " umbrella " party " Fatherland " , together with several other parties , during the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election , Central Electoral Commission of Ukraine br /
was an English Independent Labour Party ( ILP ) politician from Lancashire .
However , the assassination of the Vice-President of the Executive Council , Kevin O 'Higgins , led the Cumann na nGaedheal government under W. T. Cosgrave to introduce a law requiring all Dáil " candidates " to pledge that they would take the oath , otherwise they could not contest the election .
The 2017 United Nations Security Council election was held on 2 June 2017 during the 71st session of the United Nations General Assembly , held at United Nations Headquarters in New York City .
In the 20th century , Protestantism was becoming increasingly fragmented with Pentecostalism , Charismatic movement , Neo-charismatic movement , Nondenominational churches , house churches , Neo-orthodoxy , Paleo-orthodoxy , numerous Christian fundamentalist , evangelical , independent , and other groups emerging mainly in the United States and the developing world .
He won the Whangarei electorate from Murray Robert Smith in 1975 New Zealand general election and was re-elected in 1978 New Zealand general election ,
When French forces captured Damascus at the Battle of Maysalun and expelled his brother Faisal , Abdullah moved his forces from Hejaz into Transjordan with a view to liberating Damascus , where his brother had been proclaimed King in 1918 .
For the 2002 German federal election it set up a stand claiming to be the Free Democratic Party and shouted racist slogans .
The validity of the research was confirmed by the National Academy of Sciences .
Sæberht 's uncle and overlord , Æthelberht , king of Kingdom of Kent , built a church dedicated to St Paul in London , as the seat of the new bishop .
From 1989 to 1990 , he studied at the Cooperation College ( " Kooperativny technikum " ) of Chișinău , going on to study law at the University of Iași ( 1990-1994 ) .
United States and Puerto Rican political activities regarding the status question have revolved around three sets of initiatives : presidential executive orders , bills in the U.S. Congress , and referenda held in Puerto Rico .
In 1918 , he completed his education in Versailles , Yvelines , receiving his bachelor 's degree in mathematics from the University of Paris .
Under the leadership of expansionist Jules Ferry , the Third Republic greatly expanded the French colonial empire .
A member of the MoDem , she served as vice-chair of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , and sat on the European Parliament ' s Committee on Culture and Education .
from California Coast University , and joined the UN in 1982 in Niger .
Ellen Ratner of the Talk Radio News Service provides Washington commentary daily .
Subsequently , his Hungarian properties , Munkács and its castle , Szentmiklós ( today Palanok Castle , Mukacheve and Chynadiyovo , Ukraine ) and 200 villages were confiscated ( and , in 1726 , given by Charles VI , Holy Roman Emperor to Elector-Archbishop Lothar Franz von Schönborn who had helped to defeat Rákóczi ) .
He threw his weight behind Henry Tang in the 2012 Hong Kong Chief Executive election and had been critical of the eventual winner Leung Chun-ying after the election .
The Muslim Brotherhood in Syria was founded in the 1930s ( according to lexicorient.com ) or in 1945 , a year before independence from France , ( according to journalist Robin Wright ) .
Bevin had the support of President Donald Trump , who remains relatively popular in the state , particularly in rural areas .
Party 's early ideological principles were outlined by Alexander Tarasov in " The Principles of Neo-communism " ( Russian : Принципы неокоммунизма ) and some other works ( " Every Man is a King , " " Chile , Cyprus crisis and Eurocommunism , " " Revolutionary Dictature , NEP and Stalinism , " " Swamp Rot .
Kurmanbek Bakiyev was made acting prime minister and acting president by the interim administration .
" America 's 60 Families " is a book by American journalist Ferdinand Lundberg published in 1937 by Vanguard Press .
Named after a U.S. Senator from the State of North Carolina , Nathaniel Macon , who procured the funds to build the facility , Fort Macon was designed by Brig. Gen. Simon Bernard and built by the US Army Corps of Engineers .
He held among the important posts in the foreign office , including serving as the director of Soviet Union and Eastern bloc from 1982 to 1986 , and director general of Southeast Asia affairs from 1987 to 1988 .
However , Marcos instead opted and appointed his trusted military officer , General Fabian Ver , a graduate of the University of the Philippines , into the top military post .
For the 2013 elections he was placed 46th on the joint Likud Yisrael Beiteinu list , CEC which won 35 seats .
During this period , a coalition of centre-left parties ruled , predominantly under the leadership of East Prussian Social Democratic Party of Germany Otto Braun .
18 In keeping with this philosophy , Al-Quds University states that although " Palestine was conquered in times past by ancient Egyptians , Hittite s , Philistines , Israelites , Assyrians , Babylonians , Achaemenid Empire , Roman Empire , Muslim Arabs , Mamluke s , Ottomans , the Mandatory Palestine , the Zionists ... the population remained constant - and is now still Palestinian .
The DKBA-5 split from the original Democratic Karen Buddhist Army in 2010 and is loosely affiliated with the Karen National Union .
Goldfarb studied biochemistry at Moscow State University and graduated in 1969 .
However , resistance continued at Oran and Casablanca .
At the threshold of the return of politics in 1998 , he became a pioneer national ex officio member of the then newly born political party , the Peoples Democratic Party , PDP , an amalgam of about 34 political groupings that came together in June of that year at Sheraton Hotel , Abuja , to become a formidable political platform that went on to succeed the military administration of General Abdulsalami Abubakar .
In 1987 , in an interview with the German magazine " Stern " about the reforms of Mikhail Gorbachev in the Soviet Union , Hager gave the answer : " Would you , if your neighbor repapers his apartment , feel like you should also repaper your apartment ? .
As a member of the Citizen 's League , he sought to improve life in Montreal , and he served as president of the Royal Edward Institute , a dispensary for the prevention of tuberculosis , founded in 1909 by Jeffrey Hale Burland ( 1861-1914 ) .
The opposing view , argued by Vice President Dick Cheney , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , and a number of influential Department of Defense policy makers like Paul Wolfowitz and Richard Perle , held that direct and unilateral action was both possible and justified and that America should embrace the opportunities for democracy and security offered by its position as sole remaining superpower .
There were six candidates ; Lobsang Sangay ( incumbent Sikyong , endorsed by the National Democratic Party of Tibet ) , Penpa Tsering ( Speaker of Parliament , also endorsed by NDPT ) , Atsok Lukar Jam ( former political prisoner and activist , endorsed by Tibetan National Congress ) , Tashi Wangdu ( President of the Federation of Tibetan Cooperatives in India , endorsed by People 's Party of Tibet ) , Tashi Topgyal ( independent candidate ) and Samdhong Rinpoche .
He returned to the frontbench as Shadow Cabinet Secretary after Tony Abbott captured the Opposition leadership in December 2009 .
It was not until the country 's fear started to deteriorate , and the coming of a equally charismatic leader was liberalism brought back to life , that leader was John F. Kennedy .Hamby , 1992 , pp. 105--139
Having studied in the United States and lived there for several years , Aarebrot was particularly interested in the politics of the country , and made frequent visits until his death .
Suvendrini Perera , a member of the working party that reported to the West Australian Attorney-General on the coronial findings into the death of a Wongai elder who died in the back of a police van in Perth in 2008 , wrote of " a culture of racism , cronyism and cover-up " evident within the Australian criminal justice system , targeting Aboriginal people as well as Sudanese Australians and asylum seekers .
He was replaced by MP Gergely Gaal .
But this agreement shattered already on 29 May when Mujaddidi accused Hekmatyar of having rocket-fired his plane returning from Islamabad .
Zaire also found itself on the same side as the United States and South Africa fighting Cuban and Soviet backed revolutionaries during the Angolan Civil War .
In 2006 , he starred in the film " The Cutter , " co-starring Joanna Pacuła , Daniel Bernhardt , Bernie Kopell and Marshall R. Teague .
Along with the other former Trust Territories , Palau is one of a handful of countries that regularly votes with Israel in the United Nations General Assembly .
Notable among its early members was Charles Wilkins who published the first English translation of the " Bhagavad Gita " in 1785 with the patronage of the then Governor-General of Bengal , Warren Hastings .
Manoranjan Bhakta has won 8 times from this constituency The current member of parliament is Kuldeep Rai Sharma .
The film stars Carl Reiner , Eva Marie Saint , Alan Arkin in his first major film role , Brian Keith , Theodore Bikel , Jonathan Winters , and Paul Ford .
However , the term of the twenty-first Knesset was short-lived , as a majority of MKs voted to dissolve the Knesset following the failure of the Likud leader , Benjamin Netanyahu , to form a Thirty-fifth government of Israel .
However , he was planned to be the FN 's top candidate in the region for the 2010 French regional elections .
He is a member of the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) , a major component party in Malaysia 's opposition Barisan Nasional ( BN ) coalition .
Incumbent Congressman Arnel Cerafica is term-limited and is running for Mayor .
Mulayam 's son and Samajwadi party president Akhilesh Yadav was nominated as chief minister by the party .
The current Mayor is Sara Casanova , a member of the right-wing populist party Lega Nord , who took office on 27 June 2017 .
On June 26 , 1963 Kennedy arrived in West Berlin and visited Checkpoint Charlie .
Republican John DeFrancisco has represented this district since 1993 and did not seek re-election .
Leading up to his August 1990 Invasion of Kuwait , Iraqi President Saddam Hussein was pushing OPEC to end overproduction and to send oil prices higher , in order to help OPEC members financially and to accelerate rebuilding from the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq War .
The Politico Magazine in August 2016 wrote that Trump 's stance on Russia 's involvement in Ukraine might have been changed in 2016 as a result of counsel he drew from newcomers to his orbit who were said to be " sympathetic to Russian influence in Ukraine , " such as Paul Manafort , Carter Page , and Henry Kissinger .
She stood unsuccessfully as a Workers ' Party candidate for the Leinster constituency at the 1989 European Parliament election in Ireland and for the Kildare constituency at the 1989 Irish general election .
McLaughlin led the Progressives to win half of the seats in the 2013 Caymanian general election .
Prior to becoming Lieutenant Governor she was a Cabinet member in the Liberal Party of Canada government of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau .
In 1897 , he was arrested for sedition and exiled to Shushenskoye for three years , where he married Nadezhda Krupskaya .
The term " Dominion " is still found in the Canadian constitution where it appears numerous times , but it is largely a vestige of the past , as the Canadian government does not actively use it ( " see Canada section " ) .
Political dissidents from the former Soviet republics , such as authoritarian Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , are often arrested by the FSB and extradited to these countries for prosecution , despite the protests from international human rights organizations .
He remained the constituency 's MP until his retirement at the February 1974 United Kingdom general election .
In 1995 , she supported Svend Robinson ' s bid to lead the NDP ( " KWS " , 16 October 1995 ) .
He then moved to Williamsburg and attended the College of William and Mary , where he took legal courses from Judge St. George Tucker before graduating in July 1793 .
He was one of the eight signatories of the Memorandum of Tübingen which called for the recognition of the Oder-Neiße line as the official border between Germany and Poland and spoke against a possible nuclear armament of West Germany .
He was mothered by Babusha of the Naiman tribe when his father lived in exile in Central Asia under the Chagatai Khanate .
Most of his supporters went to Michael Cassidy rather than presumed frontrunner Ian Deans on the second ballot , giving Cassidy a narrow victory .
He also holds post-graduate qualifications in planning and management of health services in developing countries , obtained from Université libre de Bruxelles , in Belgium .
The movement later spread to San Francisco , Toronto , and Sweden .
In 1998 he was elected mayor of Brandenburg ' s capital Potsdam and rejected the offer of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder to join the federal cabinet .
The Democratic and Independent Cape Verdean Union was formally established in Lisbon , Portugal in 1981 by a group of centre-right Cape Verdean exiles.Lobban & amp ; Saucier , p229 When multi-party politics was introduced at the start of the 1990s , the party did not contest the 1991 parliamentary elections after failing to file its application papers in time .
Paddy Devlin , " Yes , We Have No Bananas : Outdoor Relief in Belfast , 1920-39 " He stood for the Independent Labour Party in Belfast South at the 1921 Northern Ireland general election .
Sir Francis L 'Estrange Joseph , 1st Baronet , KBE , DL , JP ( 1870 - 8 February 1951 ) was a leading British industrialist and president of the Federation of British Industries .
The Province of New York had made grants of land , often in areas overlapping similar grants made by the Province of New Hampshire ; this issue had to be resolved by the King in 1764 , who granted the land to New York , but the area was popularly known as the New Hampshire Grants .
Senators Magnus Cormack ( Liberal ) , Jack Little ( Democratic Labor ) , George Poyser ( Labor ) and James Webster ( National Party of Australia ) were not up for re-election .
The Chief of Army Staff Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq subsequently called a secret meeting of senior military officials to plan a coup , which was successfully executed with the government overthrown and parliament dissolved , resulting in Pakistan entering its third period of military rule .
After leaving La Fortaleza and his unsuccessful House bid in 1972 , Sánchez Vilella lived a relatively quiet life , serving as a professor at the University of Puerto Rico ' s School of Public Administration and its law school , and as a radio commentator .
From 1950 to 1953 , he was an official of the United States Chamber of Commerce .
The chairwoman of the review commission , Janne Kristiansen , was appointed as head of the Norwegian Police Security Service ( " Politiets sikkerhetstjeneste " ) , the descendant organization of the Police surveillance service ( " Politets overvåkningstjeneste " ) .
Acevedo Vilá was criticized due to the similarities between this march and an episode of the TV series " The West Wing " , in which the President of the United States ( portrayed by Martin Sheen ) walks from the White House , home of the President , to the U.S. Capitol , home of the U.S. Congress , in order to resolve a federal budget crisis .
Meanwhile , eighteen days after Diane James was elected as UKIP leader , she resigned .
She adopted the name Jeanne Kelly for her entertainment career , so as not to be confused with actress Ruby Keeler .
Although the German Democratic Republic had been formally founded only in 1949 , the basis for a return to one-party government had been established in April 1946 , with the contentious merger of the old Communist Party of Germany with the Moderate-left Social Democratic Party of Germany .
Otaki was recreated ahead of the change to mixed-member proportional ( MMP ) voting in 1996 New Zealand general election , by combining two bellwether seats : the northern half of Kapiti with the entire Horowhenua seat .
According to Margaret Thatcher ' s 1995 memoir , " The Path to Power " , when Harold Wilson ' s Labour government proposed devolution for Scotland in 1976 , " Julian Amery and Maurice Macmillan proved effective leaders of the anti-devolution Tory camp .
Philadelphia City Council member Michael Nutter won the Democratic mayoral primary on May 15 .
Piotr Tadeusz Gliński was born in Warsaw on 20 April 1954 .
Hindu personal laws refer to the laws of the Hindu s as it applied during the colonial period ( British Raj ) of India beginning from the Anglo-Hindu Law to the post-independent Modern Hindu Law .
In 2017 , at the Council-sponsored Values Voter Summit , a tote bag was distributed to all attendees that included a copy of a flyer entitled " The Health Hazards of Homosexuality " written by MassResistance ; the Southern Poverty Law Center has designated MassResistance as a hate group .
After the 2012 gubernatorial elections of November 6 , 2012 , García Padilla was elected as the next Governor of Puerto Rico , by a narrow ( 0.6 % ) margin , defeating incumbent Luis Fortuño 47.73 % to 47.13 % .
The only notable element to remain outside the Sangkum , other than the hardline communists , was the right-wing , anti-monarchist nationalist Son Ngoc Thanh , whose Khmer Serei irregulars maintained armed resistance with funding from Thailand .
In 1961 , various factions of the liberal centrist political forces , known then in Greece simply as the " Center , " joined together in a new political party , the Center Union ( EK ) , which was aimed at providing a credible alternative to the National Radical Union ( ERE ) of Prime Minister Konstantinos Karamanlis .
1985 United Kingdom local elections to Northumberland County Council , a county council in the north east of England , were held on 2 May 1985 .
The Glebe Town Hall is a landmark civic building in Glebe , a suburb of Sydney , Australia .
After the dissolution of the Ottoman Empire , many of the empire 's former territories fell under the rule of European countries under League of Nations mandates .
At this point , the La Pointe band split : members who had converted to Roman Catholicism were led by Kechewaishke ( Chief Buffalo ) and took a reservation at Red Cliff .
In the 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in California , which utilized non-partisan blanket , " top two " primaries , three Green Party candidates advanced to the general elections .
The faction was originally named the Equal Rights Party , and was created in New York City as a protest against that city 's regular Democratic organization ( " Tammany Hall " ) .
Stephenson-Goodknight , of Serbia n descent , is the granddaughter of Paulina Lebl-Albala , an active feminist who was the president of the University Women of Yugoslavia .
She was a supporter of the constitutional monarchy and the Australians for Constitutional Monarchy .
On 31 March 1965 , five police forces in the Cambridge area - Peterborough Combined Police , Cambridge City Police , Cambridgeshire Constabulary , Huntingdonshire Constabulary and Isle of Ely Constabulary - were united to form the Mid-Anglia Constabulary , headquartered in Brampton .
Saladin 's brother Al-Adil Sayf ad-Din ( often called " Saphadin " by the crusaders ) acquired al-Jazira ( northern Mesopotamia ) , and al-Adil 's son al-Mu 'azzam took possession of Karak and Oultrejordain .
Ontario Finance Minister Dwight Duncan mentioned that the budget came short in regards to the manufacturing sector and told that it was " missed opportunity for Ontario and Ottawa to work together during a tough economic period .
In 1965 , after holding some key positions in Belarusian regions and in Minsk , Masherov became the first secretary of the Communist party in Belarus : " if a party leader was honest and incorruptible - and there were category such as Masherov , party boss in White Russia , he acquired the reputation of a saint .
The Cabinet Room accommodates a flag of the United States of Colombia from 1863 .
In Arkansas , a special election was held in July 1913 following the resignation of Joseph Taylor Robinson in March 1913 to take a seat in the United States Senate .
In 2011 , a group of Anabaptists from Amish and Mennonite backgrounds travelled to Israel in order to seek reconciliation between Anabaptists and Jews .
" Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " is a 2013 British-South African biographical film directed by Justin Chadwick from a script written by William Nicholson and starring Idris Elba and Naomie Harris .
20 July 2004 , Kyiv ) was a Ukraine politician and economist .
In Summer 1946 Wilhelm Boden , whom the military occupiers had appointed to serve as the first Minister-president of the newly constituted federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate ( " " Rhoiland-Palz " " ) , appointed her to headship of the State Youth Department ( " " Landesjugendamt " " ) .
Dowager Sultana Khnata bent Bakkar ( خناتة بنت بكار ) , ( died 1754 ) , was " de facto " ruler of Morocco from 1727 to ca .
In 2017 , Christensen 's trip to Malaysia as a " medical tourist " for stomach reduction surgery led to criticism from the Australian Medical Association , " We have a world-class system here in Australia .
Colom 's successor , right-wing Liberal Otto Pérez Molina , was forced to resign his presidency due to popular unrest
In addition , Lieutenant Governor Thomas Caute Reynolds traveled to Richmond , with the agreement of Major General Price , to ask Jefferson Davis to order an invasion of the state .
In January 2016 , Gym succeeded newly-elected Mayor Jim Kenney as a Democratic member of the Philadelphia City Council at-large district .
She embarked on a tour of Scotland , speaking to 12,000 people at the Hydro Arena in Glasgow on 22 November 2014 .
At 11 A.M. they boarded a blue Plymouth and headed towards Old San Juan to accomplish their mission .
He is aided by Kuji of Colchis , who eventually marries Pharnavaz 's sister.Georgian royal annals , page of edition 24 , line of edition 3 The rebels are also joined by 1,000 soldiers from Azon 's camp ; they are anachronistically referred to by the author as Ancient Rome , and claimed to have been entitled by the victorious Pharnavaz as " aznauri " ( i.e. , nobles ) after Azon ( this etymology is false , however ) .
After stepping down from Bain Capital and his local leadership role in the LDS Church , Romney ran as the Republican candidate in the 1994 United States Senate election in Massachusetts .
Five candidates ran in the primary election : Andy Schor , a member of the Michigan House of Representatives ; city council member and former athlete Judi Brown Clarke ; former city council member Harold Leeman Jr .
Burstow first contested the Sutton and Cheam Parliamentary seat for the Liberal Democrats at the 1992 United Kingdom general election .
It is endemic to Sri Lanka .
In January 1912 , the majority of the Bolshevik faction , led by Lenin , as well as a few defecting Mensheviks , held a conference in Prague and decided to break away from the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party , and formed a new party , the Communist Party of the Soviet Union .
The European Union held an urgent meeting of its diplomats on Friday , August 10 , 2012 , in Brussels to discuss the European Union response to the escalating row between Belarus and Sweden .
Any broader ban on speech would be unconstitutional.Burson v. Freeman , 504 U.S. 191 ( 1992 ) In Bulgaria , the constitutional court ruled in 2009 that both electoral silence and ban on opinion polls before the election day represented a violation of freedom of speech .
Crypto-Protestantism is a historical phenomenon that occurred on the territory of the Habsburg Monarchy and elsewhere in Europe and Latin America .
The careful diplomacy of Thomas Wolsey had resulted in the Treaty of London in 1518 , an early non-aggression pact among the major kingdoms of western Europe.Garrett Mattingly , " An Early Nonaggression Pact , " " Journal of Modern History " 10 # 1 ( 1938 ) : 1-30. for a fortnight of lavish and extremely expensive entertainment .
Senior Liberals split on the issue , with the Prime Minister , John Howard , supporting the status quo and the Treasurer , Peter Costello , supporting a republic .
Tedisco ran against businessman Scott Murphy , a Democrat , in a highly contested race that resulting in Murphy winning by 1 % of the vote .
Campaigning in the 1945 United Kingdom general election , he drew a sharp distinction between Churchill and the Conservative Party , suggesting that the Tories would sideline the wartime leader as they had done David Lloyd George .
He argues that Pakistan may never see a leader better than Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , and a political slogan better than " " Roti , Kapra aur Makan " .
According to a 2018 survey , conducted by the Republican Centre for AIDS Prevention and Control and the Kazakh Ministry of Health , there were about 62,000 men who have sex with men in Kazakhstan ; about 6,000 in Almaty , 3,300 in Astana , and 4,900 in Karaganda Region .
The People 's Coalition , an electoral alliance led by the right-wing People 's Alliance ( AP ) and including the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) and the Liberal Union ( UL ) , became the second political force , whereas the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) entered the Assembly with 1 seat .
It led to what is now known as the Group Violence Intervention ( GVI ) , typically overseen by the National Network for Safe Communities , out of John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York City , but has also been implemented independently by several jurisdictions .
During this time she was chairman of the Social Democratic Union of Workers and Smallholders Parliamentary Group .
In early 1971 Senator Mary Robinson ( who would later become president ) attempted to introduce the first bill proposing to liberalise the law on contraception into the Seanad , but was not allowed a reading , so it could not be discussed .
The founder of the party , Pierre Gemayel , founded the party after returning from a visit at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Initial instances confounded authorities and drivers alike , but over the years the protests have become institutionalised in many places , occurring much like other forms of legal protest in that the event is arranged with authorities beforehand , but not in all places like for example in Finland , where the first Street party outside the UK was arranged on 17 May 1997 .
Brian T. Carroll ran against Devin Nunes for California 's 22nd congressional district as an American Solidarity candidate , receiving 1,591 votes in the election .
It was the location of the Qing Empire 's detention of Sun Yat-sen , an important episode in the Chinese revolution of 1911 .
In his 1953 book " The Derbyshire Dales " , Norman Price links Llywarch to Carl Wark near Sheffield .
There were rumours that there was going to be a director 's cut of the film as Mike Hodges had a critical hit film " Croupier " .
The European Parliament Election took place a few days before the June 1989 Greek legislative election and presaged the results of that election .
He led most national polls through 2019 , but did not rank as one of the top three candidates in either the 2020 Iowa Democratic caucuses or the 2020 New Hampshire Democratic primary .
At the 2002 French legislative election , DL competed in alliance with the Rally for the Republic and other Chirac supporters as the Union for the Presidential Majority ( UMP ) .
Some Kosovo Albanians voted for Milošević in hopes that it would lead to the further disintegration of Yugoslavia .
On election night , he won his first term in office and picked up the seat for his party by defeating Conservative Party of Canada Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon , despite the Conservative Party gaining its first majority government in the election .
According to Peter Hartcher , " After more than two and a half years of consistently being in a losing position in the Nielsen poll , the great bulk of Labor MPs did not believe the government could win 2013 Australian federal election .
Danny was born in El Paso , Texas , and raised in the South Pacific island of Kwajalein Atoll , Hawaii , Colorado Springs , Colorado , Key West , Florida He began his acting career later in life " I did a couple of things and then by August of 2015 I got a role with Matt McConaughey in " Gold .
Although similar societies also existed in other parts of British North America or the United States , the societies of Lower Canada were created in a different context .
Notable actors such as Jet Li and Donnie Yen have portrayed Chen Zhen on screen after Bruce Lee .
After the fall of the Junta in 1974 , he was 1974 Greek legislative election to Parliament in 1974 with EDA and in 1977 with the Coalition of Left and Progressive Forces ( Συμμαχία Αριστερών και Προοδευτικών Δυνάμεων ) which included " inter alia " EDA and the two Communist parties that had come out of the Party schism of 1968 .
Campbell Barry has been the mayor of Lower Hutt since 2019 , and was elected on a Labour ticket along with Wainuiomata ward councilor Keri Brown .
Arizona voted strongly for the Republican nominee , incumbent President Gerald Ford , over the Democratic nominee , Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter .
All political parties were ordered to dissolve into the Imperial Rule Assistance Association , forming a one-party state based on totalitarian values .
" Breivik further states that he strives for a " pure Nordic ideal , " advocating the establishment of a similar party in Norway to the ( now-defunct ) neo-Nazi Party of the Swedes , and identifying himself as a part of " Western Europe 's fascist movement .
His broad ruling deeply angered many Northerners and strengthened the anti-slavery Republican Party , and Republican Abraham Lincoln won the 1860 United States presidential election .
" The Globe and Mail " reported on May 20 , 2018 that Elections Ontario had launched an investigation in response to a complaint that Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario candidates allegedly used data stolen from the 407 ETR toll highway to further party nomination campaigns in several ridings .
On 18 December 2018 , the Speaker of Parliament , Karu Jayasuriya informed that Mahinda Rajapaksa had been appointed as Leader of the Opposition with the UPFA joining the opposition benches in parliament .
She earned her bachelor 's degree from Chulalongkorn University in commerce and accountancy and a master 's degree from the Sasin Graduate Institute of Business Administration of Chulalongkorn University .
The City of Kalamunda is a local government area in the eastern metropolitan region of the Western Australia n capital city of Perth about , much of which is state forest rising into the Darling Scarp to the east .
Johnson received a B.A. in political science from the University of Minnesota in 1966 , and a Master of Public Affairs degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University in 1968 .
A campaign of opposition to the ordinance , led by UNL researcher Paul Cameron , resulted in the formation of the Family Research Institute , which has been designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center an anti-gay hate group .
Until then , all of Malaysia 's Prime Ministers had been members of UMNO , until Mahathir Mohamad became the first prime minister from Pakatan Harapan , and the first prime minister to have tenures with two different parties .
Olmert 's father Mordechai , a pioneer of Israel 's land settlement and a former member of the Second and Third Knessets , grew up in the Chinese city of Harbin , where he led the local Betar youth movement .
He helped to establish Christianity as an official religion in Alania , winning the thanks of Constantinople .
When the government of Primo de Rivera banned separatist movements , the party became clandestine and Francesc Macià went into exile .
After graduating from a six-month commander improvement course at the Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia beginning in December , he became commander of the 172nd Rifle Division
Lamont then ran for governor in 2010 Connecticut gubernatorial election , but was defeated in the Democratic primary by former Stamford mayor Dannel Malloy , who went on to win the general election .
10 Downing Street , in London , has been the official place of residence of the prime minister since 1732 ; they are entitled to use its staff and facilities , including extensive offices .
He attended Roanoke College , before graduating from the Virginia Military Institute at Lexington in 1882 and from the law department of the University of Virginia at Charlottesville in 1887 .
Former President Emil Constantinescu alleged , in 2005 and 2006 , that his successor and former PD president Traian Băsescu had been a member of Communist Romania ' s secret police , the Securitate , and contended that , together with Petre Roman and Victor Babiuc , Niculescu-Duvăz had witnessed Băsescu 's acknowledgment that this was the case .
In July 1943 Poletti was assigned to serve as a U.S. Army civil affairs officer in Italy , largely because as a first-generation Italian-American who had studied in Italy , was fluent in Italian and had served as a governor , he had an understanding of the local culture and sufficient stature to earn the Sicilian people 's respect .
When the western part gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1961 , the two halves of the Cameroon federation maintained their autonomy and each had a separate Prime Minister .
The Society feared being potentially linked to radical political movements like those in France or to radical English groups like the London Corresponding Society and the Society for Constitutional Information .
1951 ) b & amp ; middot ; / b & amp ; # 32 ; Jessica Chastain ( b .
Conservative groups including the Heritage Foundation , the National Rifle Association , and Judicial Watch alleged that the Clinton administration subjected them to politically motivated audits .
The Union state convention - Republicans and War Democrats which supported the Union and Abraham Lincoln ' s policy during the American Civil War - met on September 2 at Syracuse , New York .
On March 3 , 1813 , the island was ceded by United Kingdom to " His Royal Majesty the King of Sweden , and his successor to the Swedish throne " according to the Act of Succession of September 26 , 1810 .
In spite of his demotion , Ángeles formulated the rebel grand strategy of a three-prong attack south to Mexico City : ( 1 ) Obregón would advance south along the western railroad , ( 2 ) Pancho Villa would advance south along the central railroad , and ( 3 ) Pablo González Garza would advance south along the eastern railroad.Slattery , p .
By the time Zhao Xian came to the throne , the Mongol Empire had already taken control of the northern and southwestern areas of China , crossed the Yangtze River and acquired key strategic locations such as Xiangyang .
The 1988 Edition did not change gameplay at all , but simply added the historical Ronald Reagan vs. Walter Mondale 1984 election , with a new 1988 scenario with no historical candidates .
Jensen represented People 's Party until 2011 , when she together with Poul Michelsen established the political party Progress ( Framsókn ) .
Caspar Weinberger Governor Thornburgh ( center ) with Secretary of Defense ( right ) and Delaware Lt. Governor Mike Castle , July 1982 .
After a private screening for cultural and political leaders in Zagreb , a decision was made not to permit public showing of " Ciguli Miguli " .
After the assassination of Benazir Bhutto , Sharif announced that the PML-N would boycott the polls , but after some time and conversations with the co-chairman of the PPP , Asif Ali Zardari , Nawaz announced that the party would run in the polls and began to rally in the Punjab areas .
Peruvian government death squads carried out massacres against radicals and civilians in their fight against Shining Path and Túpac Amaru Revolutionary Movement .
Second , after Athens had completely defeated the Peloponnesian fleet in the Battle of Sphacteria and Sparta could only beg for peace on almost any terms , Cleon persuaded the Athenians to reject the peace offer .
The Portugal arrived in the Kingdom of Kotte in 1505 .
Incumbent Democrat Frank Lautenberg won re-election to a second term with a margin of 8.37 % over Republican Pete Dawkins , military veteran and CEO of .
The United States Federal Budget for Fiscal Year 2010 , titled A New Era of Responsibility : Renewing America 's Promise , is a spending request by President Barack Obama to fund government operations for October 2009 & amp ; ndash ; September 2010 .
In the semi-finals Ghana beat them by 4-1 after extra time , to play the third place match in which they drew 3-3 to Cameroon , winning the 3rd place by scoring 3-1 on the penalty shootout , but did not qualify to the 1999 FIFA Women 's World Cup , to be held in the United States .
Richard Chapin James Somerville ( born 30 May 1941 ) is an American climate scientist who is a Distinguished Professor Emeritus at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California , San Diego , where he has been a professor since 1979 .
The organisation is a leading member of European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites , responsible for the procurement of Meteosat weather satellites .
Labor won in a landslide at the 2005 Northern Territory general election , winning the second-largest majority in the Territory 's history and reducing the CLP to only four seats .
The name was later applied to the new town built outside Jaffa that became Tel Aviv-Yafo , the second-largest city in Israel .
Other than visiting Washington , D.C. , Chen visited Harvard University and Yale University and observed local community service programs for criminals and private prisons in New York City , Boston , and the City of Los Angeles .
The Red Army decided to exploit this delay and continued to advance with the 3rd Ukrainian Front from Belgrade to south-west Hungary .
Rhode Island voted for the Democratic nominee , Governor Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York , over Republican nominee , incumbent President Herbert Hoover of California .
Colombo West electoral district was replaced by the Colombo multi-member electoral district at the 1989 Sri Lankan parliamentary election , the first under the PR system , though Colombo West continues to be a polling division of the multi-member electoral district .
After independence , the highest-ranking cabinet position became that of Secretary of Foreign Affairs ( it is still the highest-ranking cabinet portfolio in official protocol to this day ) , which was given to Vice President Elpidio Quirino .
In January 2009 an article by Ahmad Majidyar of the American Enterprise Institute included one of his grandsons , Mustafa Zahir , on a list of fifteen possible candidates in the 2009 Afghan presidential election .
Mustapha founded the party United Sabah National Organisation , better known by the acronym USNO .
Baglin later worked for periods farming near Southern Cross and as a butcher in Kalgoorlie ( where his eldest daughter ( Dorothy Jean ) was born ) .
Before long Hill had added about thirty members in Leicester and had also built a close working relationship with the British Democratic Party in the city .
The 2011 French Socialist Party presidential primary was the first open primary ( " primaires citoyennes " ) , jointly held by the French Socialist Party and Radical Party of the Left
Malaya ( now Malaysia ) was invited to send a contingent to serve in ONUC .
Initial reaction from Northern Ireland 's political parties , except for Sinn Féin , was hostile , emphasising the reduction in local representation and frequently expressing a fear that the region would be carved up on sectarian lines .
RELIS ( Regionale legemiddelinformasjonssentre - ' Regional Medicines Information Centres ' ) is a public ly funded information service about medical drug s for health professional s in Norway .
He was able to flee to West Berlin where he obtained clerical work .
British Prime Minister David Cameron called the rioters ' actions " totally unacceptable " and praised the " brave " police .
Politics in Fingal , Republic of Ireland .
His navigator assignments ended after two years as a Military Air Transport Service C-121 Constellation line crew member at Charleston Air Force Base , South Carolina .
Lopez Torres , along with similarly situated candidates , their supporters , and the public interest group Common Cause , brought suit in federal court against the state Board of Elections , claiming that the nomination system deprived voters and their candidates of their rights to gain access to the ballot and to associate in their parties ' primaries .
Each transfer of ownership within the European Union is additionally validated by the European Commission .
It was incorporated with the primary intention of taking up commercial scale processing of monazite sand at its first unit namely Rare Earths Division ( RED ) , Aluva , Kochi for the recovery of thorium .
At the 2002 Ukrainian parliamentary election , the party was part of the Viktor Yushchenko Bloc Our Ukraine .
The book has received the Ellis W. Hawley Prize of the Organization of American Historians in 2008 and the Phi Alpha Theta Best First Book Award .
National Law University , Delhi and Netaji Subhas University of Technology is located in Dwarka .
" Former Republican Congressman Bob Barr was scheduled to introduce Al Gore to emphasize the transpartisan nature of the event , however , technical difficulties made Barr 's telecast impossible .
He was captured in Kenya on 15 February 1999 , while being transferred from the Greek embassy to Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Nairobi , in an operation by the Turkish National Intelligence Organization (
However , subsequently , it was Dong , not Li Shaochen , who received Li Cunxu 's order to carry out the execution against Zhu Lingde ( 朱令德 ) the military governor of Wuxin Circuit ( 武信 , headquartered in modern Suining , Sichuan ) , the son of Guo 's ally Zhu Youqian , who was also put to death when Guo was killed .
Miller 's first job after graduation from college was at the Laugh Factory , the legendary Hollywood comedy club , working for club owner Jamie Masada , answering phones , putting names on the marquee , cocktail waitressing , ref name = Smith2017Smith , Bryan - , " The Buffalo News " , August 17 , 1993
Many senior leaders of the Afghanistan Taliban were closely associated with and had attended the Darul Uloom Haqqania seminary in Akora Khattak in Pakistan , including Mohammed Omar , and its role in supporting the Taliban .
The Presidential Elections Committee declared S. R. Nathan ( formerly known as Sellapan Ramanathan ) , an IDSS ambassador-at-large , to be the only eligible presidential candidate to be issued a Certificate of Eligibility .
Paul Verner ( 26 April 1911 & amp ; ndash ; 12 December 1986 ) was a Germany communist politician .
In June 2017 , Edi Rama was re-elected with an even larger mandate , and invited Campbell to continue to act as an adviser for his second term in office .
In November 1945 , he was elected to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Korea .
The British governor on Montserrat sent urgent messages to Nevis and St. Kitts , where the authorities hastily evacuated a 65-ship convoy anchored at Sandy Point under the meagre protection of the 28-gun frigate .
He is known from his coins , often in the name of Azes II , and possibly from an inscription on the Mathura lion capital , although another satrap Kharaostes has been discovered in Mathura .
Chatham 's own close associates Lord Camden and Lord Shelburne became Lord Chancellor and Southern Secretary of State , respectively , and the ministry was filled out with other politicians of unclear factional allegiance - keeping on Lord Egmont at the Admiralty and Lord Granby at the Ordnance Board , moving the former Lord Chancellor , Lord Northington to the sinecure position of Lord President of the Council , and appointing the slippery Charles Townshend to the Exchequer .
At that point , longtime leader János Kádár had been removed from power for almost a year , and the Communists ' Central Committee that month admitted the necessity of a multiparty system , with various groups like Fidesz and the Alliance of Free Democrats ( SzDSz ) having emerged .
On 23 February 2019 , the party launched its manifesto at the Rand Stadium in Rosettenville , Johannesburg .. Retrieved on 23 February 2019 .
In 1889 he was duly given a professorship in Basel and left the academic service of Austria-Hungary .
The king 's car was boarded by Secretary of State Hamilton Fish , Secretary of the Navy George M. Robeson , and Secretary of War William W. Belknap .
Ross Perot was a prominent advocate of EDD when he advocated " electronic town halls " during his 1992 and 1996 Presidential campaigns in the United States .
In 2001 , an international team of scientists , including George Schaller of the Wildlife Conservation Society and Mike Belliveau of Harvard University were recruited by Karl Ammann to search for the elusive Bili ape , but the venture came up empty .
The term was used by Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in her 2006 State of the Nation Address , which she said has " slowed down progress , has become open to over-competition and oppressed the provinces and its people .
He was seen as a leading " appeaser " and his removal from office ( along with that of Sir John Simon and the removal of Neville Chamberlain as Prime Minister ) was a condition of Labour ' s agreement to serve in a coalition government in May 1940 .
In 1967 , Nasir qualified as a licensed professional engineer ( PE ) by the Pakistan Engineering Council ( PEC ) .
He is a member of the D.C. Bar , the Council on Foreign Relations , and the North American executive committee for the Trilateral Commission .
John Nagle 04 : 16 , 17 June 2006 ( UTC )
The Wallonia-France Rally , which supports the union of Wallonia and France , was formed by the rump of the party 's membership in 1999 .
It contains only one species , " Ethirastis sideraula " , which is found in Australia .
Cooltuyn 's was the larger congregation , but his orthodoxy was questioned and in 1557 he was forced to leave Enkhuizen for Alkmaar .
His paternal grandmother was Schönche Jeannette Rothschild ( 1771-1859 ) , thus his paternal great-grandfather was Mayer Amschel Rothschild ( 1744-1812 ) , the founder of the Rothschild family .
He and his foundations contributed to Sarah Scaife 's favorite causes : population control ( e.g. Planned Parenthood ) , environmental conservation , and hospitals ; Jonas Salk developed his polio vaccine in a Sarah Scaife funded laboratory .
According to the author , the book received praise from Democratic Senator Evan Bayh and Joe Lieberman , Democratic Leadership Council CEO Al From , law professor Alan M. Dershowitz , and conservative commentator Michael Medved .
His Republican opponent was future Arkansas lieutenant governor , governor , and two-time presidential candidate Mike Huckabee , a church pastor from Texarkana .
The primaries and general elections for Cook County races coincided with those for federal 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Illinois and those for state elections .
Smith was born in Wichita , Kansas , where he attended Wichita North High School and Friends University .
Susan B. Anthony was arrested when she tried to vote and was fined $ 100 in a widely publicized trial .
He continued his studies in Tehran where he had the opportunity to get familiar with Mehdi Bazargan and Sahabi .
Accordingly , they did not come into effect for the 2019 United Kingdom general election which took place on 12 December 2019 , and which was contested using the constituency boundaries in place since 2010 .
The role of the Beveridge Group has been brought into focus with the rise of Nick Clegg , another leading market liberal and Orange Book contributor , to the leadership of the party in 2007 , and more so after his decision to lead the Liberal Democrats into a Coalition government with the Conservatives following the hung parliament result in the 2010 United Kingdom general election .
Premier Dalton McGuinty defended his ministers , while conceding that both of them " exhibited a bit of a tin ear .
The constituency was created for the 1885 United Kingdom general election , and abolished for the 1950 United Kingdom general election , when the new Brierley Hill constituency took over much of the area , Brierley Hill Urban District having already absorbed much of Kingswinford Rural District more than a decade earlier .
For example , ambassadors to and from the United Kingdom are accredited to or from the Royal Court of St James 's .
A supportive message from Theresa May was printed on the back cover , reading " There are few more complex questions than when to intervene overseas .
General elections to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom were held 1923 United Kingdom general election and again in 1924 United Kingdom general election .
Her father , Jules ( Youli ) Simonovich Borunsky , was a Russian Jew whose family had moved to France following the Russian Revolution .
Following German defeat in Europe at Stalingrad and in North Africa at El Alamein , it became clear that an Axis assault through Persia or even the Soviet Union was unlikely .
Bethmann-Hollweg remained in office until July 1917 , when a Reichstag revolt resulted in the passage of the Social Democrat Matthias Erzberger ' s Peace Resolution by an alliance of the Social Democratic , Progressive , and Centre Parties , which forced his resignation and replacement by a relatively unknown figure , Georg Michaelis .
One Nation was founded in 1997 , by member of parliament Pauline Hanson and her advisors David Ettridge and David Oldfield after Hanson was disendorsed as a federal candidate for the Liberal Party of Australia .
Van Eekelen attended a Gymnasium in Utrecht from June 1943 until June 1949 and applied at the Utrecht University in June 1949 majoring in Law and obtaining an Bachelor of Laws degree in July 1951 before graduating with an Master of Laws degree in November 1954 .
After several unsuccessful attempts at Republican nominations to various offices , and growing dissatisfied with the conservative wing of the party , in 1877 Weaver switched to the Greenback Party , which supported increasing the money supply and regulating big business .
particularly after the Battle of White Mountain in 1620 ; restrictions during the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic ; and also the ongoing secularization .
Born in Tokuyama , Suō Province ( modern Yamaguchi Prefecture ) , from a " samurai " class family loyal to the Chōshū domain , Kodama began his military career fighting in the Boshin War for the Meiji Restoration against the forces of the Tokugawa shogunate in 1868 .
In May 2015 , Omer , President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud and Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke met in Villa Somalia in Mogadishu with a visiting Qatari government delegation led by the Foreign Affairs Minister of Qatar , Khalid bin Mohammad Al Attiyah .
2014 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom were held on the same day .
Jarc was born in the town of Črnomelj in White Carniola , in what was then Austria-Hungary in 1900 .
Its ideological origins date back to Guzmán 's Guildist Movement , born out of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile in 1966 , espousing the independence and depoliticization of intermediate bodies of civil society .
Pan-Islamic Sunni Muslims such as Maududi and the Muslim Brotherhood , embraced the creation of a new caliphate , at least as a long-term project .
These included , among others , Lorenzo Dellai ( President of the Province of Trento and leader of the Union for Trentino ) , Massimo Cacciari , ( Mayor of Venice ) , Linda Lanzillotta ( former Minister of Regional Affairs ) , Bruno Tabacci and Elvio Ubaldi .
In late 1919 , Flueraș , Jumanca , and Ilie Moscovici carried unsuccessful negotiations for a merger between Alexandru Averescu ' s People 's League and the Socialist groups ; talks were mediated by Constantin Argetoianu .Argetoianu
The location of the main airport serving the city of Oslo , Norway , has been the subject of several political debates since 1918 .
Vlasta Svobodová ( born 21 February 1937 ) is a Czech Republic politician and geologist who served as senator for Brno-City District between 1996 and 1998 .
The South Carolina state legislature nominated Senator Willie Person Mangum of North Carolina .
The term enclave originated with Supreme Court justice Abe Fortas ' s use of the phrase " schools may not be enclaves of totalitarianism " in the " Tinker v. Des Moines " decision.Raskin , James B. ( 2009 ) , " No Enclaves of Totalitarianism , " American University Law Review , Vol .
As the Polish government became increasingly authoritarian and conservative , the Rydz-Śmigły faction was opposed by that of the more moderate Ignacy Mościcki , who remained President .
Lastly , Edward Mezvinsky introduced an article charging that improvements made to Nixon 's private homes at San Clemente , California and Key Biscayne , Florida at government expense constituted a violation of the Domestic Emoluments Clause , and also that his acknowledged underpayment of federal income taxes between 1969 and 1972 constituted willful tax evasion .
The 2013 historical drama film The Story of Zhou Enlai features the trip of Zhou Enlai in May 1961 during the Great Leap Forward , when he investigated the rural situation in Huaxi of Guiyang and a former revolutionary base Boyan Township of Hebei .
As a result only three parties ran in the elections , the ruling Rally of the Togolese People ( RPT ) , together with two small parties allied with it ; the Coordination of New Forces and the Pan African Environmentalist Party .
Prüfer-Storcks was born in Essen .
The conservative party in Finland is the National Coalition Party ( in Finnish " Kansallinen Kokoomus " , " Kok " ) .
" The American Conservative Union , a political action committee or PAC , gave Cao a lifetime score of 42 % conservative .
When Spinoza 's father Miguel ( Michael ) was still a child , Spinoza 's grandfather , Isaac de Spinoza , who was from Lisbon , took his family to Nantes in France .
The 14th of June Movement , abbreviated 14J ( " and " " 1J4 " ) was a communist clandestine group opposed to the dictatorship of Rafael Trujillo contrived by the Dominican lawyer Minerva Mirabel , that covered almost all the Dominican Republic territory , with some 300 engaged of all the social sectors .
In early 2014 , the Left Bloc suffered a split , when elected Left Bloc MEP Rui Tavares , who already in 2011 had become an independent , founded left-ecologist LIVRE party .
He did not seek re-election in 2006 Massachusetts gubernatorial election , instead focusing on his campaign for the Republican nomination in the 2008 U.S. presidential election .
As in other states during Reconstruction , former Confederate and insurgent " redeemer " forces from the History of the United States Democratic Party gradually overturned the Republicans by force and fraud .
He is the current head of Badminton Association of Indonesia .
The result was an eleventh straight victory for the Botswana Democratic Party , which won 37 of the 57 elected seats .
When Adolf Hitler became German Chancellor in 1933 , Tillich was dismissed from his position .
General elections were held in Botswana on 24 October 2014 .
Montgomery also predicted that Ronald Reagan would be a one-term President to be followed in 1984 by a big-spending Democrat , and that in the 1970s and 1980s , America would have a " walk-in " as president in the 199 ( " unsure which term , 1992 or 1996 " ) before a Polar Shift , which was to happen " in the last months of the century " would eradicate most human life on Earth , and greatly alter existing coastlines .
In March 2019 , MMfA released audio recordings of Fox News host Tucker Carlson , in which he made remarks demeaning to women between 2006 and 2011 on the call-in show hosted by shock jock Bubba The Love Sponge .
" Outfoxed : Rupert Murdoch 's War on Journalism " is a 2004 documentary film by filmmaker Robert Greenwald about Fox News Channel ' s and its owner 's , Rupert Murdoch , promotion of right-wing views .
Somewhat surprisingly , Gianfranco Fini , former leader of the national-conservative National Alliance ( AN ) and President of the Chamber of Deputies , became the most influential representative of the socially liberal wing of the party due to his progressive views on stem cell research , end of life issues , advance health care directive s and immigration .
While a visiting professor at Georgetown University , he was hired as economics counsel to United States Congressman Jack Kemp , later also serving as economics counsel to United States Senator Orrin Hatch , as staff associate with the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee , and as chief economist with the minority staff of the United States House of Representatives Committee on the Budget .
Linke-Crawford attended school in Meran , County of Tyrol and Hranice ( " Weißkirchen " ) , Margraviate of Moravia before in 1910 he entered the Theresian Military Academy in Wiener Neustadt .
Young Earth creationist and director of Answers in Genesis , Ken Ham responded to Robertson 's commentary by saying : " Not only do we have to work hard to not let our kids be led astray by the anti-God teaching of the secularists , we have to work hard to not let them be led astray by compromising church leaders like Pat Robertson .
Afghan Taliban leader Mohammed Omar asked the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in late 2008 and early 2009 to stop attacks inside Pakistan .
He was replaced by Mark Latham .
His body later became gibbeted with the body of the Khurramite Babak Khorramdin .
They were led by " Abuna " Petros as Archbishop , " Abuna " Matewos for Shewa , " Abuna " Luqas for Gojjam and " Abuna " Markos for Gondar .
Twice a widower , he married Lucy Petway Holcombe ( 1832-1899 ) on April 26 , 1856 , and in 1859 she gave birth to Douschka Pickens .
In 1785 he had already lost the command of the garrison of The Hague ( where the States of Holland and the States General of the Netherlands both resided ) , but the loyalty of the mercenary troops in The Hague was questionable .
In January 1933 the Nazi Party took power and lost no time in transforming Germany into a one-party dictatorship .
He refuses bribes , vowing to rid Washington of corruption ; but crosses swords with powerful senator Edward Norton ( Alan Dinehart ) , who wants to enlist Brown to help Prohibition bootleggers .
Maricela Contreras Julián ( born 15 June 1961 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Party of the Democratic Revolution .
Tou 's allies , Nuon Chea and Keo Meas , were removed from the Central Committee and replaced by Son Sen and Vorn Vet .
" He also ran in the 1971 provincial election against Allan Grossman in the riding of St. Andrew - St. Patrick , losing by 1137 votes .
It came into existence following differences between the activists Arvind Kejriwal and Anna Hazare regarding whether or not to politicise the popular India Against Corruption movement that had been demanding a Jan Lokpal Bill since 2011 .
In the four Maori electorates , the Mana Motuhake party gained second place .
In November 2019 , Lay unsuccessfully applied to succeed Sahra Wagenknecht as co-chairperson of the Die Linke parliamentary group in the Bundestag .
Even so , in a " Knútsdrápa " by the skald Óttarr svarti , there is a statement that Cnut was " of no great age " when he first went to war.Douglas , " English Historical Documents " , pp. 335-36 It also mentions a battle identifiable with Sweyn Forkbeard 's invasion of England and attack on the city of Norwich , in 1003 / 04 , after the St. Brice 's Day massacre of Danes by the English , in 1002 .
Henry Seymour Conway , the government 's leader in the House of Commons , introduced the Declaratory Act in an attempt to address both the constitutional and the economic issues , which affirmed the right of Parliament to legislate for the colonies " in all cases whatsoever , " while admitting the inexpediency of attempting to enforce the Stamp Act .
It was attended by Secretary U Thant of the United Nations and 10 world leaders , including President Lyndon Johnson of the United States ; Prince Charles , Harold Wilson and Edward Heath from the United Kingdom ; Keith Holyoake of New Zealand ; and leaders of six Asian countries .
Govardhan appointed his chief minister , Madan Rai , to somehow find a way to lure Upananda 's general , Amar Singh , to use him as a tool to infiltrate Brahmachal , as Govardhan was not fond of Upananda .
Gadsby published a later edition in 1838.Preface to William Gadsby 's last edition , November 1838 After his death a further enlarged edition was published including a second supplement selected by J C Philpot , another Strict Baptist Minister.Preface to Second Supplement It was written to counteract what Gadsby believed to be Arminian and legalistic tendencies in Isaac Watts ' " Psalms and Hymns " .
She was elected as part of the 2016 Yukon general election .
As with the preceding Second Party System era , the Third was characterized by intense voter interest , routinely high voter turnout , unflinching party loyalty , dependence on nominating conventions , hierarchical party organizations , and the systematic use of government jobs as patronage for party workers , known as the spoils system .
12 states of the previous United States have joined to form the United Civilized States ( UCS ) .
In 1995 , U.S. Senator Arlen Specter ( R-PA ) encouraged Tisei to run against Democratic U.S. Congressman Ed Markey of Massachusetts 's 7th congressional district .
In the 2013 gubernatorial election , Republican Chris Christie received 56.8 % of the vote ( 631 cast ) , ahead of Democrat Barbara Buono with 40.3 % ( 447 votes ) , and other candidates with 2.9 % ( 32 votes ) , among the 1,146 ballots cast by the borough 's 3,023 registered voters ( 36 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 37.9 % .
The use of the word for " left " in the name of the Danish political party " Radikale Venstre " and the Norway party " Venstre " is meant to refer to liberalism and not socialism .
It has been joined by most of the members of the outgoing Europe of Nations and Freedom group ( including Lega , the French National Rally , Freedom Party of Austria and the Dutch Party for Freedom ) as well as some former EFDD ( Alternative for Germany ) and ECR parties ( Danish People 's Party and Finns Party ) .
In the 1980s Lombardy saw the organisation of a new regionalist party , the Lega Lombarda - Lega Nord ( LL-LN ) .
In ethnically mixed municipality of Subotica , the Hungarian Coalition was also second largest political option after coalition led by Democratic Party ( Democratic Party coalition won 40.16 % of votes and Hungarian Coalition won 27.14 % of votes in Subotica ) , while in ethnically mixed municipality of Bečej , the Hungarian Coalition won the plurality of votes ( 29.63 % ) .
The site was later rebuilt as a shopping centre for the British forces Allied-occupied Germany .
Werner Koch was born in Bielefeld .
Between 1958 and 1962 , all of the island territories except the British Virgin Islands and the Bahamas were organised into the West Indies Federation .
Other significant contenders were the Greater Romania Party ( PRM ) ( right-wing nationalists ) , the ethnic Hungarian party Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania ( UDMR ) , and the Union for Romanian Reconstruction , a group of right-wing technocrats .
The next confrontation in the area took place in 1600 , when Zamoyski and Stanisław Żółkiewski acted against Michael the Brave , hospodar of Wallachia and Transylvania .
Russert was posthumously revealed as a thirty-year source of columnist Robert Novak , whose original article revealed Plame 's affiliation with the CIA .
In the field of civil and institutional policy : Gerry Adams , Tariq Ali , José Bové , Piedad Córdoba , Heiner Flassbeck , Ahmed Galai , Peter Jambreck , Hu Jia , Wuer Kaixi , Ronald Kasrils , Rigoberta Menchú , Ambler Moss , José Shulman , Jody Williams and Jason Y. Ng .
From 1868 , Tani fought in the Boshin War to overthrow the Tokugawa shogunate , beginning with the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , the Battle of Kōshū-Katsunuma and continuing with the Battle of Aizu .
Similar protests took place in La Paz over Aguas de Illimani , a subsidiary of the French multinational Suez .
Included in the sale items were paintings by van Dyke , crosiers , chalices , Charles Dickens ' s sideboard , pulpits , stained glass , arms and armor , George Washington ' s waistcoat , and Thomas Jefferson ' s Bible .
Sandeep Dikshit ( born 15 August 1964 ) is an India n politician , development manager and educator .
Stoke-on-Trent is situated between Manchester and Birmingham with the Peak District to the north east , and ranges from 96 to 250 metres ( 315 to 820 ft ) above sea level .
He ran unsuccessfully as the Liberal Party of Canada candidate in High Park in the 1935 Canadian federal election losing to Alexander James Anderson .
A member of the United Federal Party , and later the Rhodesia Party , she was a moderate who opposed the conservative agenda of the Rhodesian Front .
To counter growing opposition , Marcos called a 1986 Philippine presidential election , the opposition nominated Benigno 's widow Corazon as their candidate .
The Ximoko Party , which ruled Gazankulu , has a presence in local government in Giyani .
On February 15 , 2003 , David Frum , a speechwriter for US President George W. Bush , who authored his " axis of evil " speech , described Pachachi as " an old-fashioned pan-Arabist .
This election was held on the same day as other 2011 United Kingdom local elections .
The Jewish Anti-Zionist League , in Egypt , was a Communist-influenced anti-Zionist league in the years 1946-1947 .
" This gave Florida Governor Jeb Bush the authority to intervene in the case .
Los Angeles radio personality and voiceover artist Charlie Tuna ( real name : Art Ferguson ) chose his on-air name early in his career upon the departure of another Oklahoma City disc jockey .
The Liberal government of Premier Ross Thatcher more or less held its share of the popular vote , but lost a significant number of seats in the legislature in part because of the continuing decline in the share of the vote won by the Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan , now led by Edward Nasserden .
Miriam Allen deFord , Lawrence Dennis , John Dewey , John Dos Passos , Paul Douglas , Theodore Dreiser , Henry Pratt Fairchild , John T. Flynn , J. B. S. Hardman , Morris Hillquit , Sidney Hook , .
Rusk is one of the longest serving U.S. Secretaries of State , behind only Cordell Hull .
A contemporary confidential memo - later obtained under the Freedom of Information Act - from a senior civil servant to the then Minister of State for the Environment , Michael Howard , warned : " Those of the South West Board with a commercial background are deeply concerned by the investigation .
Eva Martinez Guzman ( born January 12 , 1961 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is a member of the Texas Supreme Court , the highest court of appeals for civil and juvenile cases of the State of Texas .
His victory established the ascendency of the Bhārata clan , allowing them to move eastwards and settle in Kurukshetra , paving the way for the emergence of the Kuru Kingdom " super-tribe " or tribal union , which dominated northern India in the subsequent period.Witzel , Michael ( 1995 ) , " Early Sanskritization : Origin and Development of the Kuru state , " " EJVS vol .
The NTC was formally dissolved , and in November 2012 Ali Zeidan was sworn in as Prime Minister .
Another son , Halil Edhem Eldem took up the archaeology museum after Osman Hamdi Bey 's death and has been a deputy for ten years under the newly founded Turkey .
Groups such as Friends of Central Library , the Twentieth Century Society , English Heritage and World Monuments Fund supported the retention of the library .
Nazim had been receiving medical care since April 17 , 2014 , when he was rushed from his home in Lefke to the Near East University Hospital in North Nicosia , Northern Cyprus , after suffering from respiratory problems .
He later earned a Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Santo Tomas in 1967 and a Bachelor of Laws at San Beda College in 1971 .
Having an association with a notable person ( in this case , J. Howard Pew and very marginally Billy Graham ) does not in and of itself confer notability .
She also held a Diploma in computer programming from the ICL Computer School in Nairobi , Kenya , obtained in 1980 , and a certificate in executive leadership from the John F. Kennedy School of Government in Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States , obtained in 1997 .
Following Germany 's invasion of the USSR in June 1941 , the United Kingdom and the Soviet Union became allies .
His six children include Boris Johnson , who is the Leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , and former Mayor of London ; Jo Johnson , former MP for Orpington and Minister of State for Universities , Science , Research and Innovation ; and Rachel Johnson , an editor , journalist , television presenter and author .
This option seemed viable after the dictatorship of General Joaquim Pimenta de Castro ( January 1915 ) broke the momentum of the Democratic Party , who attempted to garner sympathies from the conservative right , by removing restrictions imposed on monarchist groups on 5 October .
Mississippi was won by incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt ( D - New York ) , running with Senator Harry S. Truman , with 93.56 % of the popular vote , against Governor Thomas E. Dewey ( R - New York ) , running with Governor John W. Bricker , with 6.44 % of the popular vote .
He was a leading figure in the Basque Nationalist Party ( EAJ-PNV ) of Navarre in the period 1975-80 .
Before the Georgian declaration of independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 , the Republic had its own republican intelligence agency on the basis of the Committee for State Security ( KGB ) , which was notable in part because of the fact that the Georgian KGB was considered by the party leadership to be the most effective of regional branches of the KGB .
John McCain received a score of 93.5 % and the grade of A − .
Following the Oklahoma City sit-ins , the tactic of non-violent student sit-ins spread .
As a sympathiser with the Zionist movement , he also opposed Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin over Bevin 's policies towards Mandatory Palestine and Israel .
The following March , he joined other opposition leaders at a rally in Kraljevo to protest against a media crackdown by the state authorities .
Only in 2016 Russian legislative election , two other parties , Rodina and the Civic Platform , were able to get one seat .
In response , former United States ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton said that al-Otaiba 's comments were indicative of the views of various Arab countries in the region .
Independent incumbent Paul von Hindenburg won a second seven year term against Adolf Hitler of the National Socialist German Workers Party ( NSDAP ) .
Worthington was accused by the " Ottawa Citizen " of being an informant for the American Federal Bureau of Investigation about the suspected political sympathies of a number of his friends , including June Callwood .
He faced incumbent Republican Thad Cochran in the November 4 , 2008 general election , and was defeated .
On 31 January 1994 Wieczorek resigned his ministerial post and his membership of the Bundestag where his seat was taken over by Christa Schmidt for the two months remaining till the 1994 German federal election .
In 1940 he was Archimandrite of the St. Onuphrius Monastery in Jableczna ; in 1940 he became Bishop of Chełm ; in 1944 he became the Metropolitan of Chełm and Lublin ( Podlaskie ) , and in 1951 Primate of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada ) .
It was established in 1999 through a decentralized merger of the major university herbaria of Leiden University ( also known as the Rijksherbarium ) , Utrecht and Wageningen .
President James K. Polk made the revival of the independent treasury and a reduction of the tariff the two pillars of his domestic economic program , and pushed both through Congress .
The post-war Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia had Prince Paul proclaimed an enemy of the state , barred him from ever returning to Yugoslavia , and confiscated all of his property in Yugoslavia .
The party 's decision further split the divided pan-democracy camp and the relatively " radical " democratic party League of Social Democrats accused the Democratic Party for selling out Hong Kong people .
Behind the lines , Cobb organized a defense with his brother , Colonel Thomas Reade Rootes Cobb of the Georgia Legion , and attacked the Vermonters , who had occupied the Confederate rifle pits .
In 1954 , while still involved in politics as minister of transportation in the First Ali Sastroamidjojo Cabinet , he became the rector of Sriwijaya University in Palembang ; he remained active in the province until his death on 23 December 1968 .
Non-members are Eritrea , Seychelles , Comoros , Mauritius , Madagascar , Tanzania , Zimbabwe , Malawi , Mozambique , Botswana , South Africa , Swaziland , Lesotho , Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic )
After 1905 , Georgian social democrats joined the Menshevik faction , except for some such as Joseph Stalin , Grigol Ordzhonikidze and Makharadze .
The British Prime Minister , Neville Chamberlain , resigned during the battle and was replaced by Winston Churchill .
After he sold the property to RKO to raise some quick cash , Selznick lobbied hard to get Grant replaced with Joseph Cotten ; the United States had just dropped atomic bombs on Japan and Selznick argued that the first film out about atomic weaponry would be the most successful - and Grant was not available for three months .
Lucke was an advisor to the World Bank and a visiting scholar at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver .
The Bulgarian Socialist Party , with 82 seats , reached a coalition agreement with the Movement for Rights and Freedoms , which had 34 seats .
The polls for the next assembly were held on 16 May 2016 for the 234 seats of the Legislative Assembly in the state of Tamil Nadu in India .
In 1974 , liberal whites in the areas around Decatur and Emory University and a few disgruntled Republicans elsewhere turned against Blackburn because of his support of President Richard Nixon in Watergate , thus enabling Levitas to get elected .
It lies on a bridging point of the River Till ten miles south west of Berwick-Upon-Tweed , and can boast the substantial ruins of a medieval castle currently owned by English Heritage .
In 1974 , he graduated from the University of Nairobi with Bachelor of Laws LL.B , and later enrolled at the prestigious Kenya School of Law , and subsequently passed his bar examination and thus admitted into the Kenya legal Council .
Mao Zedong remarked " Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun " in 1927 and 1938 , a sentiment that was continued after winning the civil war .
Days later in Dallas , Kennedy was assassinated , and Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson succeeded him as president .
" Tropico " was a commercial success ; Geoff Keighley of " Computer Gaming World " declared it one of Gathering of Developers ' few " certified hits .
Ainlay ran in provincial and federal elections a total of four times , each time under the banner of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation .
On an increased turnout , the result was a victory for the Coalition Conservative candidate , Sir Robert Bird , although his majority was somewhat reduced from that won by his father in 1918 United Kingdom general election .
Some admin eyes ( or any experienced neutral editor ) would be appreciated on Dennis Hastert with regard to undue weight in the lead .
Republican Bradley Byrne won the December 2013 special election held after the resignation of Jo Bonner .
It held its Eleventh National Congress in January 2005 in Santiago de Compostela .
Kaganovich ( together with Vyacheslav Molotov ) participated with the All-Ukrainian Party Conference of 1930 and were given the task of implementation of the collectivization policy that caused a catastrophic 1932-33 famine ( known as the Holodomor in Ukraine ) .
The next day , Papua New Guinea 's " National " newspaper reported that authorities were monitoring the waters in the region of the Solomon Islands , lest the men attempt to leave the country illegally by boat .
British troops entered Mandalay on 28 November 1885 .
The Mayor of Biella is an elected politician who , along with the Biella 's City Council , is accountable for the strategic government of Biella in Piedmont , Italy .
In November 1942 , the Italian Royal Army occupied south-eastern Vichy France and Corsica as part of Case Anton .
The Governor of British Hong Kong , being a representative of the British sovereign , was the Commander-in-Chief of the British Forces and Vice Admiral in the Crown colony ( then British Dependent Territories ) .
His grandest and famous construction was Munkeliv Abbey , which he built in Bergen .
After studying law and following lectures at the École des Sciences Politiques , he entered the civil service in 1888 as an inspector of finance , and spent most of his official career in Algiers .
President of the Executive Yuan Chiang Ching-kuo , son of former President Chiang Kai-shek , was elected by the National Assembly of the Republic of China with Governor of Taiwan Province Hsieh Tung-min who became the first Taiwan-born Vice-President .
Independents : Robyn Lambley ( Araluen ) , Terry Mills ( Blain ) , Kezia Purick ( Goyder ) , Gerry Wood ( Nelson ) , Yingiya Mark Guyula ( Nhulunbuy )
Célia Posser served as Secretary of State for Public Administration and Social Communication between 2005 and 2006 in the X Constitutional Government of São Tomé and Príncipe under Prime Minister Maria do Carmo Silveira .
Eisenhower then won the 1952 United States presidential election by crusading against what he called Truman 's failures : " Korea , Communism and Corruption .
In the negotiations to form a " Grand Coalition " of the Chancellor Angela Merkel ' s Christian Democrats ( CDU together with the Bavarian CSU ) and the SPD following the elections , she was part of the SPD delegation in the working group on economic policy , led by Ilse Aigner and Hubertus Heil .
Among the newly elected MLAs , there were three former federal politicians : Rémi Paul , Jean-Noël Tremblay and Clément Vincent .
King Stephen Ostoja ended the decade-long dispute with the Hungarians but recognizing the suzerainty of the Hungarian crown and in 1412 visited the Hungarian throne in Buda together with the rest of the Bosnian and Serbia n nobility including Serbian Despot Stefan Lazarević .
Brockman attended Hale School , Perth , and Way College , Adelaide , and after leaving school farmed at Nannup .
The last Prime Minister who was a peer was Baron Kijūrō Shidehara , who served as Prime Minister from October 1945 to May 1946 .
In December 2018 , Klobuchar was one of 42 senators to sign a letter to Trump administration officials Alex Azar , Seema Verma , and Steve Mnuchin arguing that the administration was improperly using Section 1332 of the Affordable Care Act to authorize states to " increase health care costs for millions of consumers while weakening protections for individuals with pre-existing conditions .
During his life , Caldwell was a member of the Newcomen Society , Freemasons , Shriners , Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks , and Knights of Pythias .
Willimon 's work has also been developed and performed at MCC Theater , Ars Nova , HERE Arts Center , the Phoenix Theatre , the Actors Theater of Chicago , Battersea Arts Centre in London , Cherry Lane Theatre , and the South Coast Repertory .
As an aftermath of the 1990 Pakistani general election , the right-wing conservatives under the leadership of Nawaz Sharif came to the power for the first time in the history of Pakistan .
Seah had been elected to the Legislative Assembly in 1955 Singaporean general election as a member of the Labour Front , but had left the party to sit as an independent .
Fesca was born in Soldin , Neumark , Province of Brandenburg , Prussia ( modern Myślibórz , Poland ) as the son of a post office manager .
Mahinda Rajapaksa ( SLFP ) , 13,073 preference votes ( pv ) ; Ranjit Atapattu ( UNP ) , 10,381 pv ; Chamal Rajapaksa ( SLFP ) , 10,342 pv ; Ananda Kularatne ( UNP ) , 9,470 pv ; Patabandi Madduma Baduge Cyril ( UNP ) , 5,911 pv ; Abeydheera Hary ( UNP ) , 5,699 pv ; and Gunapala Tissakuttiarachchi ( UNP ) , 3,600 pv .
Michael John Gerson ( born May 15 , 1964 ) is an op-ed columnist for " The Washington Post " , a Policy Fellow with ONE Campaign ,
Boys from 10-14 years old participated in the " Deutsches Jungvolk " , and boys 14-18 years old participated in the " Hitler Jugend " ( Hitler Youth ) .
Katsav 's victory was attributed in part to evidence that Peres planned to use the position to support the increasingly unpopular peace processes of the government of Ehud Barak .
Following the resignation of Erik Poulsen on September 5 , 2007 , McDermott expressed an interest in being appointed to the 34th district seat in the Washington State Senate .
Writing in his diary shortly after and in reference to the Michael Brown story ( Brown being a government whip who resigned in 1994 in the wake of newspaper revelations that he had taken a trip to Barbados with a 20-year-old man ) , Piers Morgan , who exposed many of the sexual scandals as editor of the " News of the World " , opined :
In Francoist Spain mandates in municipal councils were divided into three pools : in Tercio Familiar only so-called heads of family were entitled to vote , in Tercio Sindical the councillors were chosen in a phased system based on trade unions , and in Tercio de Entidades seats were filled also in a two-step way related to other organizations .
They supported Charles Spurgeon during the Downgrade Controversy that raged in the Baptist Union of Great Britain .
In June 2000 , McIntaggart introduced a strongly worded motion that criticized the provincial government of Mike Harris for its failure to reappoint Gerry Lougheed Jr. to the board of directors of Cancer Care Ontario .
In October 2017 , Harris condemned the genocide of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar and called for a stronger response to the crisis .
Austro-Marxism was a Marxist theoretical current , led by Victor Adler , Otto Bauer , Karl Renner , and Max Adler , members of the Social Democratic Workers ' Party of Austria in Austria-Hungary and the First Austrian Republic ( 1918-1934 ) .
This group then subsequently returned to the main Liberal Party following the 1935 United Kingdom general election .
Kansas was won by incumbent President George W. Bush by a 25.4 % margin of victory .
Their forces expelled the Portuguese from East Africa north of Mozambique and established long-lasting settlements on Zanzibar , Mombasa and other parts of the coast .
However , the Barisan Sosialis , a left-wing socialist party consisting of former PAP members with communist sympathies pedigree to the opposition to the colonialism , and imperialism movements were alleged that the people did not support merger , " See " : Singapore Legislative Assembly Debates , 24 November 1961 , at pages 689-692 but Lee Kuan Yew declared that people did .
He had lead responsibility in the White House for advising the President on all aspects of U.S. relations with the fifteen countries of the former Soviet Union .
After the German invasion of the Soviet Union , vast areas were conquered to Germany 's east .
Van Hollen won the April 26 , 2016 primary in each of Maryland 's counties except Prince George 's and Charles , where Donna Edwards received more votes .
In 1993 , he joined the PSOE after the victory of Felipe González in the 1993 Spanish general election .
The Bournemouth East and Christchurch by-election of 6 February 1952 was held after Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) Brendan Bracken was elevated to the House of Lords .
The opposition 's political consultant is her nemesis , fellow American Pat Candy ( Billy Bob Thornton ) .
The first to describe this party model was Edmund Burke in 1770 .
In April 1978 , the European Council meeting in Copenhagen decided to create a " zone of monetary stability " in Europe , and European Economic Community institutions were invited to consider how to create such a zone .
Øystein Olsen Ravner ( 1893-1975 ) was a Norway appointed councilor of state in the Nasjonal Samling government of Vidkun Quisling 1940-1941 , and minister 1941-1942 .
By several measures , such as " Contrat d 'avenir pour la Wallonie " ( Contract for the Future of Wallonia ) and a new generation of party leaders , by which Marie Arena was important , he tried to reassemble the left wing-forces around him .
Justice Stevens ' dissent was joined by Justices David Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and Stephen Breyer .
He made use of the gold and silver coming from the Americas to finance the defence of his German territories in Austria from the Ottoman Empire ( Siege of Vienna ) and his Italian territories in the Duchy of Milan from France ( Battle of Pavia ) .
When Fu discovered this , he fled with less than 100 guards ; when he reached Wukang ( 武康 , in modern Huzhou , Zhejiang ) , he was attacked by the men of the country .
After the election Edinburgh Corporation was composed of 38 Progressives , 28 Labour councillors , 2 Liberal , and 1 Protestant Action Society .
Globis University Graduate School of Management which is the largest business school in Japan is also located in Chiyoda .
Donnelly described Biddle 's appearance as a joual -speaking Michael Jackson as the high point of the show .
Not only was it the first time a woman held the office but it was the first time , apart from Douglas Hyde , that a non- Fianna Fáil candidate was elected .
Wilson was appointed the first female senator of the country at the age of 45 in February 1930 by the government of Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King ; this was just four months after the Persons Case judgment was handed down by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council .
He also became only the third Southlander to lead a major New Zealand political party , after Joseph Ward and Adam Hamilton .Graeme Hunt , " Death in the afternoon - how the might fall , " " National Business Review " , 12 October 2001 .
The magazine has occasionally published special editions dedicated to the reporting of particular events , such as government inadequacy over the 2001 foot and mouth outbreak , the conviction in 2001 of Abdelbaset al-Megrahi for the 1988 Lockerbie bombing ( an incident regularly covered since by " In the Back " ) , and the purported MMR vaccine controversy ( since shown to be medical fraud by Andrew Wakefield ) in 2002 .
He was the fourth son of the general Lu Kang , who was a maternal grandson of Sun Ce , the elder brother and predecessor of Eastern Wu 's founding emperor , Sun Quan .
In 1933-1934 he worked together with Karl Maron illegally - for Hitler had come to power by now - for the KG .
The abertzale left represented under EH Bildu ' s flag , on the other hand , became the second political force of the community for the first time ever , with 20.2 % of the vote .
Following the usual route along the south shore of Crete , Paul 's ship was blown off course and wrecked on the island of Malta .
Manski joined the Wisconsin Green Party in 1990 .
22 April : The measles outbreak centered on the Swansea area of Wales continues , with 886 cases to date. small / small
The group was founded at a special meeting at the Ulster Unionist Party ' s ( UUP ) offices in Glengall Street , Belfast , in 1956 .
On September 30 , Mohammad Najibullah was unanimously elected as President of the Revolutionary Council .
Atlanta city councilman Wyche Fowler won the special election to fill Young 's seat in Congress .
Gravel had the endorsement of campaign finance reform activist Doris Haddock and received financial contributions from actor Mark Ruffalo .
Born in Georgetown , Ontario , he was first elected to the House of Commons in the 1993 Canadian federal election , as a Reform Party of Canada member .
In September 2016 , Warren was one of 27 senators who voted against withdrawing S.J.Res.39 , a joint resolution which proposed the blocking of the sale of arms and equipment worth $ 1.15 billion to Saudi Arabia during the country 's involvement in the Yemeni Civil War .
Throughout the Cold War , both the United States and the Soviet Union made extensive use of violent nationalist organizations to carry on a war by proxy .
On 4 June 1950 , a group of representatives of six women 's organizations from various areas of Indonesia united to form Gerwis in Semarang .
In the 1949 Canadian federal election and 1953 Canadian federal election federal elections , St. Laurent led the Liberal Party to two large majority governments .
Ogunmola concluded a Master 's programme in Business Strategy , Leadership and Change at Heriot-Watt University , Edinburgh in 2019 .
The current president , Rodrigo Duterte , prefers to utilize a white , bullet-proof armored Toyota Landcruiser as his official presidential vehicle instead of the " luxurious " Mercedes-Benz W221 S600 Guard , in his commitment to being the " People 's President .
On 1 December 1964 , he was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George ( CMG ) for his services as Private Secretary to Alec Douglas-Home from 1960 to 1964 .
" Letter from Don Jaime to José Selva Mergelina , " ABC " 13.03.1923
The constituency was created for the 1923 Irish general election to the 4th Dáil , partially replacing the Waterford-Tipperary East constituency that was used for elections to previous Dáil .
Some , such as former President of the European Parliament , Pat Cox , have also noted that turnout in the 1999 election was higher than the previous 1996 United States presidential election .Mulvey , Stephen ( 21 November 2003 ) ultimately selected , after the EPP won the most seats overall .
1075-1077 ) was a ruler of the Pala Empire in the Eastern regions of the Indian subcontinent .
The Act meant that , though the New Zealand had granted women universal suffrage in 1893 and this carried forward to New Zealand subsequently becoming an independent nation in 1907 , Australia was the first independent country to grant women 's suffrage at a national level , and the first country to allow women to stand for Parliament .
After failing to convince Wang to stay on as a vice chairman , Ma named holdovers Wu Po-hsiung ( 吳伯雄 ) , Chiang Pin-kung ( 江丙坤 ) , and Lin Cheng-chi ( 林澄枝 ) , as well as long-time party administrator and strategist John Kuan ( 關中 ) , as vice-chairmen ; all appointments were approved by a hand count of party delegates .
She was the wife of Australian newspaper publisher Sir Keith Murdoch and the mother of American international media proprietor Rupert Murdoch .
Türkan Akyol entered the parliament as deputy of Izmir Province following the 1987 Turkish general election .
Clinton selected Tennessee Senator and 1988 candidate Al Gore to be his running-mate .
Stevens worked for Bob Dole ' s 1996 United States presidential election presidential campaign and was part of George W. Bush ' s media team in 2000 and 2004 .
She allowed the Guyanese political party Walwari to make a direct citation in the Cayenne criminal court against Anne-Sophie Leclère , a candidate for the Front National who relayed on her Facebook page in October 2013 a racist cartoon comparing Christine Taubira to a monkey .
In the 2013 Malaysian general election in 2013 , the incumbent Barisan Nasional government won re-election for the 13th consecutive time , but with a decreased mandate and losing the majority vote .
In October , Booth made an unexplained trip to Montreal , which was a center of clandestine Confederate activity .
In 2014 April , the United States Naval Academy assessed that the first island chain is the most effective point to counter any PLA invasion .
In 1983 , guitarist Eric Melvin met bassist / vocalist Mike Burkett ( Fat Mike ) and started the band under the name NO-FX , after a Boston hardcore punk band called Negative FX .
Its key backers in 2012 included Paul Begala , Teddy Johnston , Geoff Garin , Ellen Malcolm , Jeffrey Katzenberg , Bill Maher , Mary Beth Cahill , and Irwin M. Jacobs .
A spokeswoman for Harris , who as Florida 's secretary of state played a key role in the 2000 United States presidential election between George W. Bush and Al Gore , said she had given the $ 52,000 she received from MZM employees to charity .
Let Freedom Ring has supported several religious causes. and promoted the neo-conservative agenda led by President George W. Bush , and campaigned actively in favor of keeping troops in Iraq as part of the war on terror political effort .
He finished a close second against Liberal Party of Canada candidate John Mouat Turner .
Friedrich " Fritz " Westmeyer ( 14 January 1873 - 14 November 1917 ) was a Germany trade unionist and socialist politician .
Kenora had previously elected Peter Heenan as a Labour representative in the 1919 Ontario general election .
Charles Louis Kincannon ( December 9 , 1940 - December 15 , 2012 ) was an United States statistician who served as the Director of the United States Census Bureau from 2002 to 2008 .
Between 1990 and 1996 , she taught in a school in Tbilisi and worked at the laboratory for Christian culture studies at the TSU .
In 1934 , when the La Follettes founded the Wisconsin Progressive Party , the California Progressive Party obtained a ballot line in California and ran seven candidates ( all unsuccessful , although Raymond L. Haight got 13 % of the vote for Governor of California , running as a moderate against socialist and Democratic nominee Upton Sinclair ) .
Many of the people who left the mission in February 1939 settled in northern Victoria in towns such as Barmah , Echuca and Shepparton .
Young became interested in Mahatma Gandhi ' s concept of nonviolent resistance as a tactic for social change .
In 2001 , Tony Blair , Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , visited Argentina and said he hoped the UK and Argentina could resolve their differences that led to the 1982 war .
Lesser Poland Province ( ) was an administrative division of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland from 1569 until 1795 and the biggest province of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth .
He organized a brigade of cavalry and helped resist Ambrose Burnside ' s invasion of eastern Tennessee in the autumn of 1863 , participating in the Battle of Blue Springs .
A February 2018 indictment by the United States Justice Department alleged that Concord Management and Consulting began operations in 2014 with the intention to financially support a group known as the Internet Research Agency which interfered with the 2016 United States presidential election won by Donald Trump .
While Roosevelt was campaigning in Milwaukee on October 14 , 1912 , a saloonkeeper from New York , John Flammang Schrank , shot him , penetrated both his steel eyeglass case and a 50-page single-folded copy of his speech titled " " Progressive Cause Greater Than Any Individual " , " that he was carrying in his jacket pocket and was about to deliver , got lodged in his chest .
He would serve in this capacity until the minority Labour government fell in the 2001 Norwegian parliamentary election .
He directed the National Library of Spain from 1999 to 2001 , and then left that position to direct the Instituto Cervantes until his replacement after the Socialist triumph of March 14 , 2004 .
Among Kuwait 's neighbors , state universities are coed in Bahrain and Oman , but segregated in Saudi Arabia , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates .
Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator John Glenn defeated Republican Lieutenant Governor ( and current Governor ) Mike DeWine to win re-election to a fourth term , Ohio .
British representatives include Professor Patrick Minford , blogger Iain Dale ( who resigned in the same year ) and two local councillors.name = guardian-20100505 /
In late 2004 this division was again thrown into sharp relief by Zwelinzima Vavi of COSATU protesting the ANC 's policy of " quiet diplomacy " towards the worsening conditions in Zimbabwe , as well as Black Economic Empowerment , which he complained benefits a favoured few in the black elite and not the masses .
By the 1880s , fear of the growing presence of the Germany and the French in the Pacific , coupled with a growing Australian identity , created the opportunity for establishing the first inter-colonial body , the Federal Council of Australasia , established in 1889 .
He returned to Beijing in November 1924 after the Beijing coup and put in charge of a provisional government after an agreement with Zhang Zuolin and Feng Yuxiang , but fled again in 1928 after the successes of Chiang Kai-shek ' s Northern Expedition .
The dissolution of the Portuguese Empire in April 1974 meant the end of colonial rule in Angola and Mozambique .
It is found in Burundi , Ethiopia , Kenya , Rwanda , Tanzania and Uganda .
Marable served on the faculty of Smith College , Tuskegee Institute , University of San Francisco , Cornell University , Fisk University , served as the founding director of the Africana and Hispanic Studies Program at Colgate University , Purdue University , Ohio State University , and University of Colorado at Boulder , where he was chairman of the Department of Black Studies .
He was also active in the Manchester Statistical Society .
Opposition to the strategy came from Brendan Howlin , Kathleen Lynch and Tommy Broughan ( who is regarded as being on the party 's left wing and who advocated closer co-operation with the Green Party and Sinn Féin ) , who opposed the boost that would be given to Fine Gael in such a strategy and stated their preference for an independent campaign .
In the 1999 Russian legislative election , the party won 2.2 % of the total vote , getting 1,481,890 votes overall .
Wolff , a native of New York City , finished his collegiate basketball career at UConn after playing two years at LSU .
The Committee also gave consideration to the papers prepared by FIMI , which provided comparative analyses of the mineral policies and statutes of other major mineral producing countries in the world such as Australia , Canada , Chile , and South Africa .
The district is based in Pittsburgh and includes most of Allegheny County .
In the 1999 Manitoba general election , Lemieux was elected to the Manitoba legislature for the rural riding of La Verendrye , defeating Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba incumbent Ben Sveinson by 3533 votes to 3367 .
Bush and Cheney were re-elected in the 2004 United States presidential election , running against John Kerry and his running mate , John Edwards .
In Sonora , the second largest city , Ciudad Obregón is named for the revolutionary leader .
Kennett was desposed as leader following the 1988 Victorian state election , and was replaced by Alan Brown .
The Five Star Movement candidate , Francesco Desogus , received 11 percent of the vote .
Ledru-Rollin obtained only 5 % of votes at the 1848 French presidential election , which was won by Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte , who launched a coup , ending parliamentary democracy in favour of a Second Empire .Leo A. Loubère , " Radicalism in Mediterranean France : its rise and decline , 1848-1914 " ( 1974 ) p .
At the age of 15 , she went to Freetown Christiania in Denmark , a self-governed zone known for its liberal drug policies , where she remained for several months .
David Owen , " The Hidden Perspectives : The Military Conversations of 1906-1914 " , p .
The incumbent Republican Will Hurd , who was re-elected with 49.2 % of the vote in 2018 ,
Japan entered the War with her surprise attack on the American air base at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , on 7 December 1941 and overran the entire South East Asia within a few weeks .
The French Workers ' Party ( , POF ) was the French socialist party created in 1880 by Jules Guesde and Paul Lafargue , Karl Marx ' s son-in-law ( famous for having written " The Right to Be Lazy " , which criticized labour ' s alienation ) .
His only opposition came from the Scottish National Party ( SNP ) , then a small party advocating Scottish independence , who stood Party Secretary Robert McIntyre .
He was to visit the grave of Zhao Ziyang , a former prime minister and Communist Party of China general secretary who died in 2005 .
This pertained to multiple Ministers in Government : Jyri Häkämies ( kok ) , Ilkka Kanerva ( kok ) , Jyrki Katainen ( kok ) , Jan Vapaavuori ( kok ) , Paula Lehtomäki ( centre ) , Mauri Pekkarinen ( centre ) , Anu Vehviläinen ( centre ) , Liisa Hyssälä ( centre ) and Stefan Wallin ( rkp ) .
He served as a delegate to the 1884 Democratic National Convention , at which Cleveland was named the party 's presidential nominee ; Cleveland went on to narrowly defeat Republican James G. Blaine in 1884 United States presidential election .
Shortly after the United Kingdom 's 2016 vote to withdraw from the European Union , Nigel Farage gave a speech including a statement that members of the EU parliament had never " done a proper job in their lives .
At the 1943 Victorian state election , Labor , now led by John Cain , benefiting from the popularity of John Curtin ' s wartime federal government , won 22 of the 65 seats .
Charles Moffatt Jenkinson , the mayor of Brisbane in 1914 , is credited with having finalised the decision to construct the city hall at Albert Square ( now known as King George Square ) , by selling the alternative site in Fortitude Valley to the Catholic Church who proposed to construct the Holy Name Cathedral on that site .
Guided by Legalist thought , the First Qin Emperor Qin Shi Huang conquered and unified the China 's warring states into thirty-six administrative provinces , under what is commonly thought of as the first Chinese empire , the Qin dynasty .
Mikhail Gorbachev had adopted new policies of glasnost and perestroika in the Soviet Union in 1985 .
The official opposition Democratic Alliance ( DA ) increased its share of the vote from 16.7 % to 22.2 % , while the newly formed Economic Freedom Fighters ( EFF ) obtained 6.4 % of the vote .
It is currently represented by California Republican Party Tom Lackey of Palmdale .
He died in 1804 in Paris .
The party initially supported the declaration of war against Serbia after the Assassination in Sarajevo of Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife Sophie , Duchess of Hohenberg in 1914 , but soon realised that the disastrous war was untenable .
She was elected by the Storting as a member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee in 2003 , became a board member of the Nobel Foundation in 2009 and served as chairwoman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee from 2015 until her death ; in this capacity she was responsible for awarding the Nobel Peace Prize .
Although Armenia and Azerbaijan were separated in the qualifier to avoid incidents ( due to the Nagorno-Karabakh War ) , Serbia and Albania were not , with UEFA claiming that it was because neither nation had directly fought a war with each other .
The authority of the Tsar 's government began disintegrating on 1 November 1916 , when Pavel Milyukov attacked the Boris Stürmer government in the Duma .
The first Buddhist general election victor was Suella Braverman , then known as Suella Fernandes , at the 2015 United Kingdom general election .
In 1993 , Feinstein , along with then-Representative Charles Schumer ( D-NY ) and Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy ( who lost two of his brothers to assassination ) , led the fight to ban many semi-automatic firearms deemed assault weapons and restrict the sale of high capacity magazine s .
The Finland Green League leadership election , 2017 was held on in 2017 to elect the new chair of the Green League .
She was one of the first female students , studying natural sciences at the University of Perugia in the first half of the 19th century .
Paleolibertarianism is a political philosophy and variety of right-libertarianism developed by anarcho-capitalist theorists Murray Rothbard and Lew Rockwell that combines traditional conservative cultural values and social philosophy with a libertarian opposition to government intervention .
For example , CFE enthusiastically advocated the nationalization of history textbooks in Korea , which was mainly discussed under the Park Geun-hye administration .
Schaefer feuded frequently with Governor Parris Glendening at the bi-monthly Board of Public Works ( BPW ) meetings .
Among those in charge of compiling these lists , she mentions Minister of Economic Development Farhad Aliyev , Minister of Health Ali Insanov ( both arrested on the eve of the 2005 election for planning a coup d 'état and sentenced to imprisonment ) , Minister of Emergency Situations Kamaladdin Heydarov , head of the Presidential Administration Ramiz Mehdiyev , President Ilham Aliyev , and First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva .
" Is this the real Flying Saucer ? " , Look , Volume 19 , 14 June 1955 At the time , the US Air Force and then the US Army were funding the development of the Avrocar at Avro Canada in Toronto .
All locally registered electors ( British , Irish , Commonwealth and European Union citizens ) who were aged 18 or over on Thursday 2 May 2013 were entitled to vote in the local elections .
Berlin , which lay in the Soviet ( eastern ) sector , was also divided into four sectors with the Western sectors later becoming West Berlin and the Soviet sector becoming East Berlin , capital of East Germany .
In September 2005 , Steve Laffey , the mayor of Cranston , Rhode Island , announced his intention to run against Chafee in the Republican primary election .
In June 2015 the PNA Fisheries Ministers met in Palikir , Pohnpei , under the chairmanship of Elisala Pita of Tuvalu ,
In 1861 , he was one of the emissaries sent by President James Buchanan to try to secure a peace with the Confederate States of America .
Following his departure from the New York City Police Department , he was employed by Giuliani Partners , a consulting firm formed by the former mayor of New York , Rudy Giuliani .
Kaine successfully sought re-election to a second Senate term in 2018 United States Senate election in Virginia , defeating Republican Corey Stewart .
While his edict exempted Shunguo and Yiwu ( 義武 , headquartered in modern Baoding , Hebei ) Circuits , Du nevertheless reported that his own army needed the food supplies , and therefore was nevertheless allowed to seize food supplies from the people .
Heinz Eggert did not stand for the 2009 Saxony state election .
The Swiss Party of Labour ( ) is a communist party in Switzerland .
The Golaghat Municipal Board or the GMB , established in 1920 , one of the oldest civic bodies of the state of Assam , formed before Indian Independence of 1947 , is responsible for the civic infrastructure and administration of the city of Golaghat .
Remains of an artillery fort involved in the siege were found in 2006 in Edinburgh ' s Pilrig Park , and two gun emplacements can be seen on Leith Links.Herald & amp ; Post ( newspaper ) , Scotsman Publications Ltd .
Considerably later , in 1943 New Zealand general election , Veitch stood for the New Zealand National Party ( the successor to the United-Reform coalition ) in the Wellington Suburbs electorate , but was unsuccessful .
She work for the promotion of human rights and environmental rights and also campaigned for the release of Aung San Suu Kyi while the opposition leader was under house arrest .
Appointed to the Cabinet of Canada as Minister of International Trade on November 4 , 2015 , Freeland was named that month as one of Toronto 's 50 most influential by " Toronto Life " magazine. succeeding Stéphane Dion .
On 2 May 1954 , the CHP lost a second consecutive 1954 Turkish general election to the DP , gaining only 31 seats with 35.4 % of the total vote .
Lewisham North was a parliamentary constituency in Lewisham , London which returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1950 United Kingdom general election until it was abolished for the February 1974 United Kingdom general election .
Račan became the first prime minister of Croatia not to be a member of the Croatian Democratic Union ( HDZ ) , namely the opposition coalition headed by his Social Democratic Party of Croatia ( SDP ) won the 2000 Croatian parliamentary election and came to power for the first time since independence .
Brutus held his uncle in high regardPlutarch , " Life of Brutus " , 2.1. and his political career started when he became an assistant to Cato , during his governorship of Cyprus .Plutarch , " Life of Brutus " , 3.1 .
Aside from Quezon and Osmeña , others present in this momentous meeting were Resident Commissioner Joaquín Miguel Elizalde , Brig. Gen. Carlos P. Romulo , and his cabinet secretaries , Andrés Soriano and Jaime Hernandez .
Hart became a personal political advisor to Ian MacGregor then-Chairman of the National Coal Board and a close friend of Hart 's brother .
Under the Ming dynasty , when the tribute system entered its peak , these states were classified into a number of groups .
General elections were held in Botswana on 15 October 1994 , alongside simultaneous local elections .
He was also related to Florida Senator Wilkinson Call , who was Walker 's law partner for several years in the 1850s and 1860s in Tallahassee .
In 1994 , following the retirement of his cousin , United States Senator George J. Mitchell , Baldacci won election to the U.S. House of Representatives from Maine 's Second District , replacing Olympia Snowe , who had moved on to Mitchell 's open Senate seat .
Upon the Deacon 's death in 1761 , the house passed to his second son , Peter ; the younger John received the house next door , where John Quincy Adams was born to John and Abigail Adams in 1767 .
The same year MUP-R expanded outside of the city of Elche , running for the local elections in Elche ( 502 votes , 0.48 % ) , Alicante ( 57 , 0.04 % ) and Arévalo ( 233 , 5.41 % ) , failing to win any seats again .
During the 2016 United States presidential election , Harris supported Hillary Clinton in the Democratic Party presidential primaries against Bernie Sanders ,
Claiming much of the leftover territory that was yet unclaimed in the Scramble for Africa , it managed to build the third-largest colonial empire at the time , after the British Empire and the French ones ..
In the various extant traditional states of Nigeria , the regnal names of the titled monarchs , who are known locally as the traditional rulers , serve two very important functions within the monarchical system .
The DFG is a member of the International Council for Science and has numerous counterparts around the globe such as the National Natural Science Foundation of China , the National Science Foundation ( USA ) and the Royal Society ( UK ) .
He did not contest the 1918 Irish general election .
Despite his opposition to the policy of requiring the unconditional surrender of Nazi Germany he was conscripted into the Army in July 1940 and joined the Buffs ( Royal East Kent Regiment ) .William Douglas Home .
The protest began at noon as eight protesters ( Larisa Bogoraz , Konstantin Babitsky , Vadim Delaunay , Vladimir Dremliuga , Pavel Litvinov , Natalya Gorbanevskaya , Viktor Fainberg , and Tatiana Baeva ) sat at the Lobnoye Mesto and held a small Czechoslovakia flag and banners with various slogans , including :
From there , he transferred to the Old Dominion University ( 1995-96 ) and Phillips University ( 1997-98 ) in the NAIA .
Elizabeth Bibesco ' s last novel , " The Romantic " , published in 1940 , starts with a dedication to Jose Antonio Primo de Rivera , whom she had known during her stay in Madrid where her husband , Antoine Bibesco , who was a diplomat from Romania in Spain between 1927 to 1931 : " To Jose Antonio Primo de Rivera .
The United Left Alliance won five seats .
The Governor-General of the Irish Free State ( ) was the official representative of the sovereign of the Irish Free State from 1922 to 1936 .
The Conscription Crisis of 1918 occurred when the British Government tried to impose conscription on Ireland , leading to increased support for Sinn Féin .
He represented Nickel Belt for three years , and was defeated by Liberal Party of Canada candidate Gaetan Serré in the 1968 Canadian federal election .
More recently , in the 2008 US Senate race in North Carolina , Republican incumbent Elizabeth Dole attempted an attack ad on Democratic challenger Kay Hagan , who had taken a small lead in polls , by tying her to atheists .
His younger brother , Zheng Kexue ( 鄭克壆 ) , was ordered by the Qing government to bury the remains of Zheng Chenggong and Zheng Jing in Quanzhou , Fujian - the ancestral home of the House of Koxinga .
The main constituent element of the original coalition was Synaspismos , a democratic socialist party , but Syriza was founded with a goal of uniting left-wing and radical left groups and had included a broad array of groups and independent activists as well as ideologies , from social democrats and democratic socialists to Marxist-Leninists and Trotskyists .
In November 2007 , Udall announced his run for the Senate seat held by retiring six-term incumbent Republican Pete Domenici .
In October 2017 , Collins stated her support for the Senate Intelligence Committee calling back Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta , and former Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz after it was revealed that the Clinton campaign and the DNC paid for an opposition research dossier on Trump , and Podesta and Schultz had earlier denied knowledge of any payment under the committee 's questioning .
The German Tenth Army besieged Kaunas , a Lithuanian city on the Nieman River defended by a circle of forts .
Two Presidents of the United States , James K. Polk and Andrew Johnson , were born and raised in North Carolina , but both began their political careers in neighboring Tennessee , and were elected President from that state .
He became friends with Claus Spreckels , whose family owned the Oceanic Steamship Company and a sugar cane business in Hawaii .
According to ANN , the Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan wrote in his blog about the concerns of TAF 's cancellation .
She subsequently stood in the 1928 New Zealand general election , the 1931 New Zealand general election , a 1941 by-election , and the 1943 New Zealand general election , generally performing well but never winning .
She was sworn in on 1 July 2013 , after Croatia joined the European Union .
Quadros laid the blame for the country 's high rate of inflation on his predecessor , Juscelino Kubitschek , and also berated the former president for nepotism and corruption .
On August 25 , 1897 Arredondo assassinated Idiarte in the Uruguay an capital of Montevideo as he emerged from a church service .
The Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party lost 2 thirds of their former seats while the Scottish Liberal Democrats were wiped out , losing both seats .
For the 2006 U.S. Senate election , the party endorsed Mark Kennedy for United States Senate , who lost to Amy Klobuchar .
Clay won his party 's nomination in the 1844 United States presidential election but was defeated by Democrat James K. Polk , who subsequently presided over the Mexican-American War .
According to Minister of Foreign Affairs Bjørn Tore Godal , speaking at the 50th anniversary for Victory in Europe Day , Norway was the only country in which the initials of the head of state became a resistance symbol .
He was born Anthony Gimigliano in New York City .
The Ghana Medical and Dental Council is an agency of the Ghana government responsible for regulating the standards of training and practice of medicine and dentistry in Ghana .
Only three members had previously been ministers ( two only briefly ) : Richard Haldane , 1st Viscount Haldane ( ex-Liberal ) , Arthur Henderson and J. R. Clynes ; though others had been under-secretaries .
When the French invaded Egypt , the Ottomans declared war ( 9 September 1798 ) and subsequently signed a treaty of alliance with Russian Empire ( 23 December ) .
On 24 and 25 March 1995 , the party held its 1st Congress at the Sava Center in Belgrade , and theatre director Ljubiša Ristić was elected President .
Stallings was the Democratic nominee in 1992 for an open seat in the United States Senate , but lost to Dirk Kempthorne , the popular two-term mayor of Boise .
On 20 January 1953 , U.S. Secretary of State John Foster Dulles and his brother , Director of the C.I.A. Allen Dulles , told their British counterparts that they were ready to move against Mosaddegh .
Because of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia ' s strength and Beneš 's loyalty , unlike in other Central and Eastern Europe an countries , the Kremlin did not require Eastern Bloc politics or " reliable " cadres in Czechoslovak power positions , and the executive and legislative branches retained their traditional structures .
Only the courageous are prepared for speaking truth to power ; the majority ' go with the flow ' , as with Jewish passivity in the face of the creeping corruption of Nazi Germany.See the Diary of Victor Klemperer
He studied in Holdre village school , in Helme parish school , and in Tartu Teachers ' Seminar .
William Juhasz ( August 30 , 1899 , Budapest - September 29 , 1967 , New York City ) was a Hungarian-American author , editor , cultural and religious historian , journalist , Roman Catholic lay intellectual , literary translator , university professor , lecturer , commentator , Cold War operative .
Rodgers completed a PhD in anthropology at Oxford , on the subject of the rituals of ship-launching : " The symbolism of ship launching in the Royal Navy " ( 1983 ) .
Foundation of PSATRI was laid down jointly by Royal Saudi Air Force ( RSAF ) and King Saud University .
Although born into a Christian family , Steven soon converted to Islam , changed his name to " Jamil Mukulu , " and studied abroad in Saudi Arabia , where he was introduced to fundamentalist Islamic ideologies , such as Salafism , and became radicalized.to .
For example , the Puritans who established Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1628 founded Harvard College only eight years later .
In 1933 , she met Korean politician Syngman Rhee ( Yi Seung-man 이승만 ) in a Geneva hotel .
The Irish Parliamentary Party ( IPP ; commonly called the Irish Party or the Home Rule Party ) was formed in 1874 by Isaac Butt , the leader of the Nationalist Party , replacing the Home Rule League , as official parliamentary party for Irish nationalist Members of Parliament ( MPs ) elected to the House of Commons at Westminster within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland up until 1918 .
Beauregard was first elected to city council in the 1994 Montreal municipal election , as the co-listed candidate with Vision Montreal party leader Pierre Bourque in Marie-Victorin .
DSG undertook a partnership with both Deeside College and Airbus UK to train its aeronautical engineers based at RAF Sealand .
He was one of the leading opponents of President Jacques Chirac ' s immunity from prosecution , especially concerning the corruption scandals in the Paris region .
Earlier Varanasi signed partnership agreement with Kyoto , Japan .
Rao Deshalji I was the Rao of Cutch State belonging to Jadeja Rajput dynasty , who ruled Princely State of Cutch as a regent from 1718 1752 .
Czech Social Democratic Party came third .
In his final years , before his death from unsuccessful blood transfusion in Geneva , Filipescu stood out as a critic of King Carol , joining efforts with Iuliu Maniu and Nicolae Titulescu .
Later , in the Senate , a parliamentarian joined ( Walter Bianco ) and prior to the 2001 Italian general election the Autonomists formed a group with some members of European Democracy ( Giovanni Polidoro , Ortensio Zecchino and Giulio Andreotti ) , which had split from the Italian People 's Party .
S.Con.Res 10 was introduced into the Senate on March 22 , 2013 by Mazie Hirono .
She was reappointed when the government of Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve took office .
" Katanga Business " is a 2009 film by Belgian director Thierry Michel that explores the mining industry in Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Around the same period , Mithridates I conquered the southwestern Iranian region of Persis and installed Wadfradad II as its " frataraka " ; he granted him more autonomy , most likely in an effort to maintain healthy relations with Persis as the Parthian Empire was under constant conflict with the Saka , Seleucids , and the Characene .
Paul Boffa , Leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister since 1947 , resigned and left the party because of serious disagreements with his Deputy Dom Mintoff which had led to a series of cabinet crises .
Li Tao was a direct descendant of Li Si ( 李偲 ) , Emperor Taizong of Tang ' s grandson who narrowly escaped from the persecution of Empress Wu Zetian to settle in Danleng , Mei Prefecture , in 8th-century Tang dynasty .
At the 1847 United Kingdom general election , Mahon was elected for Ennis , and declared himself a Whig in favour of Irish Repeal .
He was elected to Congress in 1934 , having defeated incumbent Republican James L. Whitley and represented New York 's 38th congressional district from January 3 , 1935 until January 3 , 1937 , departing due to his defeat for renomination in 1936 .
After initially selecting None of the Above , the Convention 's delegates nominated David Bergland for vice president .
The problem lay in that Allan and Macdonald highly , and secretly , were in cahoots with American financiers such as George W. McMullen and Jay Cooke , men who were deeply interested in the rival American undertaking , the Northern Pacific Railroad .
On April 2 , they elected a governor , Dr. Lewis S. Owings .
In 2012 he joined Civic Choice , the liberal political party of incumbent Prime Minister Mario Monti .
The provinces of the republic were , in official feudal order : the duchy of Guelders ( " Gelre " in Dutch ) , the counties of County of Holland and County of Zeeland , the former bishopric of Lordship of Utrecht , the lordship of Lordship of Overijssel , and the free ( i.e. never feudalised ) provinces of Lordship of Frisia and Lordship of Groningen .
On August 15 , 2019 , Netflix announced Chappelle 's fifth comedy special in an announcement teaser on YouTube narrated by Morgan Freeman .
However , Trump doesn 't make it as a nominee and Barack Obama wins instead .
The elections saw a liberal landslide victory and she became the first woman elected in direct elections , together with her fellow pro-democracy politicians of the United Democrats of Hong Kong ( UDHK ) .
He has acted as a consultant to or worked with a range of companies , national and international official institutions including the Foreign & amp ; Commonwealth Office , foreign ministries in Europe and the Middle East , the European Commission , and various NGOs - ranging from Amnesty International to the Bertelsmann Foundation .
Two years prior , another African-American civil rights activist , Medgar Evers , was assassinated on June 12 , 1963 .
" Ion G. Duca , " Amintiri politice , II " , p .
Children , Rebeca , Tatiana and Manuel Clouthier Carrillo have since gone into politics , but not in his PAN party .
In addition , a large percentage of the island 's population includes first-generation immigrants and their descendants from Japan , China , Korea , the Philippines , Bangladesh and immigrants from other Micronesia n islands .
Whilst the programme focuses mainly on Tony Blair , people such as David Cameron , Gordon Brown , Cherie Blair and Brian Haw are regularly shown .
Should Alexandra Powers be in the category Coverts to Buddhism ? Because it says in her article that she was a Buddhist for 6 months .
Haidar and her children subsequently moved to Canada and settled in Sherbrooke , Quebec .
They ruled till 1815 with Kandy as their capital and were also the last ruling dynasty of Sri Lanka .
Before the 2014 European Parliament election in Slovenia , Šoltes formed a ticket named Verjamem ( meaning " I believe " in Slovene ) in order for the party to enter the 2014 Slovenian parliamentary election in July 2014 .
Ragibagh ( Arigabag ) , also known as Emperor Tianshun of Yuan ( Chinese : 元天順帝 ) , was a son of Yesün Temür who was briefly installed to the throne of the Yuan dynasty in Shangdu in 1328 .
He was then Liberal candidate for the Kilmarnock division of Ayrshire at the 1929 United Kingdom general election .
The bill was initially sponsored by Sen. Jay Rockefeller , a Democrat from West Virginia , and co-sponsored by Sen. John Kerry , a Massachusetts Democrat .
He later taught in the Northern Technical College ( NORTECH ) , Ndola .
At the elections three parties ran for the seats ; Deák Party , the supporter of the compromise , the Left Centre , partially opponents of it and the Far-Left ( Hu : Szélbal ) opposing the treaty entirely .
The Tamil United Liberation Front resigned and refused to take the oath at a time when Tamil militancy was on the rise .
Avraham Berman , Rostam Bastuni and Moshe Sneh left the party and set up the Left Faction , while Hannah Lamdan and David Livschitz created their own party , the Faction independent of Ahdut HaAvoda .
The party is in favour of Swedish membership of NATO and wants Sweden to apply for a membership during the next term of office , after the 2018 Swedish general election .
Since 1964 , the Institute presents the biannually Bernhard Harms Prize , named for founder Bernhard Harms , which awards € 25,000 to individuals " with a distinguished record in the field of international economics .
He was third in command in Ukraine 's Communist Party of the Soviet Union leadership before the fall of Soviet Union even though he didn 't belong to the ruling Dnipropetrovsk group .
The Aviation and Railway Accident Investigation Board ( ARAIB , ) is an agency of the South Korea n government that investigates aviation and railway accidents , subservient to the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport ( MOLIT ) and headquartered in Sejong City .
He served as the vice-president of the Inter-Religious Peace Colloqium , The Muslim-Jewish-Christian Conference and as the president of the American Islamic College in Chicago .
Thomas E. Dewey and Nelson Rockefeller ) .
The original concession agreement included Article 23 ; as Ali Al-Naimi pointed out , this was a " key building block in the shaping of Saudi society for decades to come .
In 1971 , the websites continue , she traveled through China as one of the first European journalists there , .
Raised in St. Paul ' s Rondo Neighborhood , Stone 's playing career began when she was 10 years old , and joined the St. Peter Claver Catholic Church boys ' baseball team in the Catholic Midget League , which is similar to today 's Little League .
The ultra-conservative President Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq dealt with socialists , communists and the Marxist mass with harsh political oppression .See Military Government of General Zia-ul-Haq
Nicolas Frichot was born in 1967 in Geneva , Switzerland , and later relocated to the Quebec City area of Canada .
Paul Johannes Schlesinger ( July 9 , 1874 - February 12 , 1945 ) was an Austria n trade union ist and politician .
These included B4IG , which was moderated by the French Minister of Foreign Affairs , Jean-Yves Le Drian .
It was signed by representatives of the governments of Australia , Cook Islands , Fiji , Guam , Federated States of Micronesia , Kiribati , Marshall Islands , New Zealand , Papua New Guinea , Solomon Islands , Tonga , Tuvalu , Vanuatu , and Western Samoa .
However , he returned to Parliament as MP for Leicester at the 1894 Leicester by-election , holding this seat as a Lib-Lab MP until 1906 .
After sitting Rep. Sherrod Brown of Ohio 's 13th congressional district declared his intention to run against Mike DeWine for his seat in the U.S. Senate , Sutton took part in the Democratic primary for his open seat .
Under Presidents Ismail al-Azhari and Gaafar Nimeiry Dr. Deng served as Human Rights Officer in the United Nations Secretariat ( from 1967 to 1972 ) and subsequently as the Ambassador of Sudan to Canada , Denmark , Finland , Norway , Sweden and the United States .
Once a hub for timber and flour milling , Minneapolis is the primary business center in the vast expanse between Chicago and Seattle .
The party held four seats after the 1965 Japanese House of Councillors election and had become an all-woman faction .
The remnants of the church were demolished by the Soviet Union administration in Kaliningrad , Russia during the 1950s .
It is native to China .
The genesis of this conflict rests in two agreements in 1892 and 1924 between the Madras Presidency and Kingdom of Mysore .
Moreover , Hamas , the largest representative of the inhabitants of the Palestinian Territories alongside Fatah , is not represented in the PLO at all .
In the 1980s he studied law , philosophy and public policy at Victoria University of Wellington , where he became active in the campaign against New Zealand 's student loan scheme .
These pioneers were later followed by the Mattachine Society and the Daughters of Bilitis in the United States .
He settled in the Upper East Side of Manhattan , New York City .
Well before that , in 1946 , the basis was prepared for a return to one- Socialist Unity Party of Germany government , with the forced merger across the zone of the Communist Party of Germany and the moderate left Social Democratic Party of Germany to give birth to what would be East Germany 's ruling Socialist Unity Party of Germany , for most purposes a Soviet style Communist party by another name .
At 1957 Irish general election MacBride lost his seat in Dáil Éireann , and his failure to secure a seat in two subsequent by-elections ended his political career .
The Belgian Labour Party or Belgian Workers ' Party ( , POB ) was the first major socialist party in Belgium .
While he was opposition leader , Abhisit Vejjajiva accused Thaksin of crimes against humanity in the war on drugs .
Sierra Leone has a multi-party system , with two or three strong political parties and a third party that is electorally successful .
Rukirabasaija Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru Rukidi IV , King Oyo , is the reigning Omukama of Toro , in Uganda .
The new Croatian Democratic Union leadership organized a parliamentary investigation panel on Čačić 's alleged misdeeds : he was accused of conflict of interest given how his old company Coning was also awarded contracts in building the Zagreb-Split highway .
The de facto Civic-military dictatorship of Uruguay , in which period a considerable number of people were murdered , tortured , illegally detained and imprisoned , kidnapped and forced into disappearance , in the purported defence against subversion .
He and all three of his siblings accompanied their father and mother to Valletta , Malta , in 1828 , where they were homeschooled in the works of Enlightenment philosophy , including those of William Robertson , astrology , history , and the classics , in addition to French and Modern Greek , in both of which he developed fluency .
The " Times of India " reported that supporters of Narendra Modi ' s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) were actively campaigning for the Tories in 48 marginal seats ,
She has received honorary doctorates from Lesley College ( Massachusetts ) , Mount Mary College ( Milwaukee ) and University of York .
Vittorio Emanuele Orlando ( 19 May 1860 & amp ; ndash ; 1 December 1952 ) was an Italian statesman , known for representing Italy in the 1919 Paris Peace Conference with his foreign minister Sidney Sonnino .
The reporter obtains the diary of the man , which contains information on his life in the Riga Ghetto during WW II , including the name of the SS officer who ran the camp , Eduard Roschmann .
Simultaneously in Congress Poland , the unsuccessful November Uprising against the Czar of Russian Empire occurred .
In 2007 , former PMT leader , 2002 presidential candidate and then ADEMA vice-president Soumeylou Boubèye Maïga openly opposed their support of the ruling Alliance for Democracy and Progress of president Amadou Toumani Touré .
As of 2018 , Mexico has seven nationally recognized political parties by the Federal Electoral Institute .
The Clintons worked on the campaign alongside Garry Mauro ( future Texas Land Commissioner ) .
The Achaemenid line would also be carried on through the Kingdom of Pontus , based in the Pontus region of northern Asia Minor .
In 2012 APP was accused of illegal logging in Indonesia and damaging the habitats of rare animals such as the Sumatran tiger .
Together , Orlyk , Mazepa , and their Cossack forces retreated to the city of Bendery , in Bessarabia ( now Moldova , then part of the Ottoman Empire ) .
DNC Chairwoman and Florida Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz denounced the images as disrespectful to women .
More recently Harris was the SWP candidate in the 2009 Los Angeles mayoral election receiving 2,057 votes for 0.89 % of the vote .
Knight first stood for Parliament at the 1997 United Kingdom general election as the Labour Party candidate for South Dorset , but narrowly lost by just 77 votes.p.308 , Waller , Criddle , " The Almanac of British Politics , " Psychology Press , 2002 He was , however , elected on the same day to Mendip District Council , on which he served until 2001 ; including as Labour Group leader .
During the 2014 riots in Bosnia and Herzegovina , over 3,000 disgruntled citizens rallied at the Town Square in the western Bosnian town of Bihać to express dissatisfaction with the government of the Una-Sana Canton , one of Bosnia and Herzegovina 's ten post-war cantons , and demanding the resignation of the cantons ' Prime Minister and Minister of Police , Hamdija Lipovača .
On March 10 , 2011 , he resigned from his post to be eligible in the forthcoming 2011 Turkish general election .
He is also the chairman of the supervisory board of " Tsargrad TV , " a " Russian Orthodox " TV channel , owned by Konstantin Malofeev and known for its anti-western geopolitical stance .. In November 2016 , he initiated the creation of the " Double-headed Eagle " society and after the formation of this orthodox-monarchist organization in 2018 , joined its leadership .
Brandt was the SPD candidate for the chancellorship in 1961 , but he lost to Konrad Adenauer ' s conservative Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) .
Bush ran with Indiana Senator Dan Quayle as Vice President , and Dukakis ran with Texas Senator Lloyd Bentsen .
The previous legislative election took place in 2013 Macanese legislative election .
He made aliyah to Mandatory Palestine in 1938 and joined kibbutz Ruhama , where he lived until 1944 when he left due to ideological differences .
Alexander Hamilton , who competed with Adams for leadership of the party , worked behind the scenes to elect Pinckney over Adams by convincing Jefferson electors from South Carolina to cast their second votes for Pinckney .
He was the son and successor of Theobald I and the second Navarrese monarch of the House of Blois .
Fraser had represented the Victorian federal seat of Wannon from 1955 Australian federal election to 1983 .
They had two daughters : Sarah ( born 18 September 1705 ) , who married Charles Lennox , 2nd Duke of Richmond , and Margaret ( born 21 February 1707 ) , who married the Hon. Charles John Bentinck , fourth son of William Bentinck , 1st Earl of Portland .
The Israel Defense Forces vacated Gaza in 2005 , but invaded it again in 2006 in response to rocket attacks and the abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit by Hamas .
The International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution of the Sea by Oil ( OILPOL ) was an international convention organized by the United Kingdom in 1954 .
The Union for Democracy alliance was continued for the elections , consisting of Aia Api , Here Ai 'a , Tavini Huiraatira , Tapura Amui No Raromatai and Tapura Amui No Te Faatereraa Manahune - Tuhaa Pae .
In April 1937 , Zhang Yunyi , Zhou Enlai and Kong Shiquan ( 孔石泉 ) went to Xi 'an .
On 13 October 2019 , Christian Jacob , former Minister of the French Civil Service , was elected as President of the party , taking from interim President Jean Leonetti .
As a result , Cristina Cifuentes became the new President of the Community of Madrid , forming a minority government with C 's providing confidence and supply .
The bitter effects of this division were the main features of Greek political life until the 1940s , and contributed to Greece 's defeat in the Greco-Turkish War , the collapse of the Second Hellenic Republic and the establishment of the dictatorial Metaxas Regime .
Prior to the new operating model the contract to run the NHS Supply Chain service was managed by DHL Supply Chain from 2006 on behalf of the NHS Business Services Authority .
She ran for the 2004 European Parliament election in Malta and the 2009 European Parliament election in Malta as a Nationalist candidate in Malta .
In February 2018 she was elected as councillor representing the Maungakiekie-Tāmaki ward on the Auckland Council in a by-election following the resignation of councillor Denise Lee .
Journalist Doug Ireland wrote that when serving as Health and Human Services Commissioner in Virginia , Allen opposed certain legislation because it included taxpayer funding for abortion s .
George Mason , a Constitutional Convention delegate and the drafter of Virginia 's Declaration of Rights , proposed that a bill of rights listing and guaranteeing civil liberties be included .
He was also friends with the Stoic philosopher Euphrates the Stoic , a fellow-student of Musonius Rufus .
In early 1967 , she was active in the Youth International Party ( known in the media as the " Yippies " ) , with Abbie Hoffman and Paul Krassner .
In 2014 Democratic Progressive Party -supported independent candidate Doctor Ko Wen-je received a 57 % majority of the votes over Kuomintang ' s Sean Lien , ending the 16-year Kuomintang administration of Taipei .
Borzan got involved in politics in 1999 by joining Social Democratic Party of Croatia ( SDP ) , because she " couldn 't be a passive observer " since she was " dissatisfied with the level of democracy , tolerance , and justice in the country following the rule of President Franjo Tuđman .
On 1 March , thousands of people in Kharkiv , Donetsk , Simferopol , Odessa , Luhansk , Melitopol , Yevpatoria , Kerch , and Mariupol protested against the new government .
As of 2014 all of the International Supervisors have been from the United States , while their principal deputies have been from European Union countries .
After the 2016 National Assembly for Wales election , Neil Hamilton was elected leader of the UK Independence Party group in the Assembly , replacing Nathan Gill .
The 2008 United States presidential election in New Hampshire took place on November 4 , 2008 , as part of the 2008 United States presidential election throughout all 50 states and D.C. Voters chose 4 representatives , or electors to the Electoral College , who voted for president and vice president .
153 His return to Berlin was facilitated by Carol II , who complained that the outgoing ambassador , Gheorghe Tașcă , was " nonexistent .
However , the Pakistani army was intent on installing a resistance-backed government in Afghanistan , with Jalalabad as their provisional capital , Abdul Rasul Sayyaf as Prime Minister , and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar as Foreign Minister .
He led an aristocratic opposition to Athenian imperialism and in particular to Pericles ' building program on the acropolis , which was funded by taxes created for the wars against the Achaemenid Empire .
Seats were allocated to constituencies , corresponding to the provinces of Alicante , Castellón and Valencia .
He was the chairman of the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce from 1992 to 1994 and honorary steward of the Hong Kong Jockey Club .
Sereny was born in Vienna , Austria in 1921 .
He was born in the city of Kharkiv in 1905 to a Russian-Ukrainian working-class family ; he graduated in the 1920s and started working in the 1930s .
He was not elected but ended as number 11 on his parties list , but because his party , Javnaðarflokkurin , formed government together with Tjóðveldi and Framsókn , four of the elected members of the Løgtings took leave because they were elected ministers , and Skaale could have taken seat in the Faroese parliament for Rigmor Dam who became Minister of Finance .
The foundation was formed in July 1990 by John Gilmore , John Perry Barlow and Mitch Kapor to promote Internet civil liberties .
Miles enrolled at Charleston College in 1838 where he met future secession advocates James De Bow and William Henry Trescot .
Former League of German Girls -leader Trude Bürkner-Mohr stood as a GB / BHE candidate in the 1953 state and 1957 West German federal election elections.ref name = KLE217
The Prevention of Illegal Eviction from and Unlawful Occupation of Land Act ( PIE ) Act 19 of 1998. is an act of the Parliament of South Africa which came into effect on 5 June , 1998 , and which sets out to prevent arbitrary eviction s .
Independents Chuck Cadman and Carolyn Parrish provided the last two votes needed for the Liberals to win the budget vote .
Haig graduated from United States Military Academy in 1975 and was commissioned an infantry lieutenant .
Congressman Randy Neugebauer ( R- Lubbock ) , victorious in 2004 over fellow incumbent Congressman Charlie Stenholm ( D- Abilene ) , faced Democrat Robert Ricketts , also of Lubbock , in November .
He settled in Nashville , Tennessee , where he built a law practice and taught at Fisk University .
With the arrival of Governor Cesare Maria De Vecchi on 15 December 1923 , things began to change for that part of Somaliland known as Italian Somaliland .
Farrow 's subsequent investigations exposed similar allegations against politician Eric Schneiderman , media executive Les Moonves , and Justice Brett Kavanaugh .
In 1995 , Gardiner defected from New Zealand National Party to United New Zealand .
When Ticino chose to become part of the Swiss Confederation in 1798 , the people of the Italy exclave Campione d 'Italia chose to remain part of Lombardy .
She also studied at the Lady Hardinge Medical College in Delhi .
Gerardo Molina Ramírez ( August 6 , 1906 - March 29 , 1991 ) was a Colombian Congressman who served in both chambers , a lawyer and professor who was dean of the National University of Colombia and of the Free University of Colombia .
Scottish National Party - " The implications of the Barnett formula " .
During the administration of President Ferdinand Marcos , Teodoro 's father served as Social Security System administrator while Aquino 's father , former senator .
17 Gomoiu kept his ministerial office during the first government of Ion Antonescu , from September 4 to 14 , until the establishment of the National Legionary State and Carol 's flight from the country.Neagoe , p .
In order to curtail Yuan Shu 's sphere of influence , Yuan Shao formed an alliance with Cao Cao and Zhang Miao , and named his follower , Zhou Yu ( 周喁 ) as the Inspector of Yu Province , a title to which Sun Jian had already been entitled , and sent him to attack Sun Jian 's territories in Yu Province while the latter was on his way back from Luoyang .
In summer 548 , Hou Jing , formerly a general of Eastern Wei ( a branch successor state of Northern Wei ) whose defection Emperor Wu had accepted , rebelled , and in 549 captured Jiankang , taking Emperor Wu and his son and crown prince Xiao Gang hostage .
From 2005 to 2009 Gabriel was the Federal Minister for the Environment , Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety in the first cabinet of Angela Merkel ( CDU ) .
Bose is the son of Sisir Kumar Bose a pediatrician and Krishna Bose née Chaudhuri , professor of English , writer and politician , and a grandson of Sarat Chandra Bose .
They brought in many outside speakers ; Eugene V. Debs spoke at a large antiwar rally at Garrison in 1915 .
He headed further south , crossed the Yangtze River , and met Wu Jing and Sun Ben in Qu 'e County ( 曲阿縣 ; present-day Danyang , Jiangsu ) .
The BNP fielded 3 candidates for the first time in three constituencies each in the 2011 Northern Ireland Assembly election ( Belfast East , East Antrim and South Antrim ) .
The result was a third consecutive victory for Constantine Karamanlis and his National Radical Union ( ERE ) party , which won 176 of the 300 seats .
He was the son of William Paulding Sr. ( 1735-1835 ) and the brother of Julia Paulding ( wife of U.S. Representative William Irving ) Catharine Paulding ( wife of Mordecai Hale ) , and James Kirke Paulding , the United States Secretary of the Navy under President Martin Van Buren .
The Istiqlal Party came first with 52 seats , ahead of the Justice and Development Party with 46 , despite the latter coming first in terms of number of votes .
A British police investigation resulted in several suspects for the murder , but in May 2007 , the British Director of Public Prosecutions , Ken Macdonald , announced that his government would seek to extradite Andrei Lugovoy , the chief suspect in the case , from Russia .
In May 1990 , South Yemen unified with the Yemen Arab Republic ( commonly referred to as North Yemen ) to form the united Yemen .
His only opponent was previous party president James McCombs , who had more parliamentary experience than Holland .
10 The appointment can be seen as a political reward from the Cárdenas administration for helping oust Plutarco Elías Calles during the intra-party struggle.Cline , Howard F. " Mexico : Revolution to Evolution , 1940-1960 " .
The founding of the FNP on July 6 , 1980 , with the motto " Peace , Justice , Liberty , " by Marino Vinicio Castillo , was regarded by many as a declaration of independence from Joaquín Balaguer .
Within days of the 2016 Hong Kong legislative election and the decisive victory of Eddie Chu in the New Territories West constituency , Chu made allegations that the government was in collusion with business interests , rural kingpins and Triads .
In the late 1960s and early 1970s under the regime of Mobutu Sese Seko the Zairianization policy was implemented , this included numerous changes to the state and to private life , including the renaming of the Congo and its cities , as well as an eventual mandate that Zairians were to abandon their Christian names for more " authentic " ones .
Incumbent Republican Congressman Mark Kennedy declined to seek a fourth term in Congress , instead opting to run for Senate in the wake of then-Senator Mark Dayton ' s retirement .
On 1 August 2014 , following his party 's strong showing in the European Parliament elections , Renzi nominated his Foreign Minister , Federica Mogherini , as a candidate to be the new High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy in the incoming- European Commission to be led by Jean-Claude Juncker , the former Prime Minister of Luxembourg .
Cen was born in 1861 during the late Qing dynasty in Xilin , Guangxi .
They appointed Tigranes the Younger the ruler of Kingdom of Sophene .
The event is organized by QED , a partner of the consortium , and it is lead by Alessandro Marchetti ( wikipedian from Italy ) with support from the National Research Council ( Italy ) , Forschungszentrum Jülich , and University of Modena and Reggio Emilia are world leaders in electron-beam shaping ; University of Glasgow and Max Planck Institute are pioneers in OAM and quantum optics ; Maastricht University is an important innovator in protein studies ; ThermoFisher is a major world-wide developer and manufacturer of microscopes
" A number of congressional Republicans , including soon-to-be House Majority Leader Eric Cantor " have endorsed the proposal , Stephan Kinsella ( 2010-12-03 ) "
Most of these went to other Republicans and Democrats , but one vote went to Libertarian Ron Paul and Yankton Sioux Nation independent Faith Spotted Eagle .
Troubled by splits and a huge loss of popular support ( the party was reduced from 18.2 % to 7.8 % in just three years ) , LNP entered into the centre-right House of Freedoms coalition .
This new orthodoxy had its genesis in the election of the Hawke Government at the 1983 Australian federal election .
" In 918 Leicester surrendered without a fight .
" By 1935 , it simply called for " equal rights to all " due to the " change of the national composition of the Greek part of Macedonia " and hence because " the Leninist - Stalinist principle of self-determination demands the substitution of the old slogan .
Bulgaria also reported that their natural gas supply was dropping , affecting the shipment of natural gas to Turkey , Greece , and Macedonia .
Four women stood at the 1903 election - Selina Anderson ( Dalley ) in the House of Representatives and Vida Goldstein ( Victoria ) , Nellie Martel ( New South Wales ) , and Mary Moore-Bentley ( New South Wales ) in the Senate .
In 1955 , the Coast and Geodetic Survey ship USC & amp ; GS " Pioneer " ( OSS 31 ) conducted a survey in the Pacific Ocean off the United States West Coast towing a magnetometer invented by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography .
( 15,309 of those votes were from Bain , who received 9.2 % in his district because there was no Democratic candidate running against Republican incumbent Bob Goodlatte .
Manuel Marques de Sousa , Count of Porto Alegre ( 1804-1875 ) was an army officer , politician , abolitionist and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil .
It stars Kayla Lorette and Julian Richings , and had its world premiere at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival .
The origins of the dispute went back to 1957 when the Regius Professorship for History at Oxford was vacant .
Later , he lived in Staines and then in Sherborne , Dorset , where , together with his older brother Joseph Brittan , he was proprietor of the " Sherborne Mercury " , a newspaper covering the area beyond the boundaries of Dorset .
He resigned as the Parliamentary Aide to Bob Ainsworth on 3 September 2009 citing concerns over the war in Afghanistan .
Meanwhile , secessionist black Rhodesian parties won electoral victories in Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland , and Harold Macmillan ' s Conservative administration in Britain moved towards breaking up the Federation , resolving that it had become untenable .
In late 1954 , those who stayed in Cambodia founded a legal political party , the Pracheachon , which participated in the 1955 and the 1958 National Assembly elections .
Anna Grodzka , the first ever transsexual MP in European history , was elected from the party lists in 2011 .
On January 29 , 1930 the British Governor of Ceylon , Sir Herbert Stanley ( 1927-1931 ) , opened a building fronting the ocean at Galle Face , Colombo , designed for meetings of the Legislative Council .
The FPO 's then leader , Lloyd Walker requested that Solicitor-General David Tsubouchi provide a list of " extreme " political beliefs that could result in such police action .
A member of Mapam , he edited the Arabic-language version of the party 's newspaper , " Al HaMishmar " .
Equivalent names in different countries are vice-chancellor ( many Commonwealth of Nations countries ) , chancellor ( United States ) , principal ( Scotland and Canada ) , and university president .
Tuominen secretly went to Sweden and then , in April 1933 , to the Soviet Union , where he moved into Kuusinen 's apartment .
Smith 's young assistant Robert Moses built the nation 's first state park system and reformed the civil service , later gaining appointment as Secretary of State of New York .
In 2013 Congress renamed the Ariel Rios Federal Building in honor of former President Bill Clinton , and the General Services Administration extended the designation to the former ICC and Labor buildings .
Robert Layton was born in Montreal , the son of Norah Lestelle ( née England ) and former Quebec cabinet minister Gilbert Layton .
It was abolished for the 1997 United Kingdom general election , when it was largely replaced by the new East Worthing and Shoreham constituency .
Canada and the United States led the boycott , and were joined by Norway , West Germany , Italy , and Switzerland .
Other Marxists opposed Bernstein and other revisionists , with many including Karl Kautsky , Otto Bauer , Rudolf Hilferding , Rosa Luxemburg , Vladimir Lenin and Georgi Plekhanov sticking steadfast to the concept of violently overthrowing what they saw as the bourgeoisie-controlled government and instead establishing a dictatorship of the proletariat .
The republican regime in France is the system of government existing on the french territory for the first time in 1792 ( French First Republic ) , but suspended form 1804 to 1848 ( First French Empire and Bourbon Restoration ) , and from 1852 to 1870 ( Second French Empire ) and finally from 1940 to 1944 ( Vichy France ) .
He entered Sri Lankan Parliament by winning a bye election in 1961 from Matale replacing his uncle Bernard Aluwihare who had died .
Even so , the failure of Teton Dam , the environmental movement , and the announcement of Jimmy Carter ' s " hit list " on water projects profoundly affected the direction of Reclamation 's programs and activities.Paul E. Scheele
Richardson defeated State Senator Jenny Oropeza and 9 other Democrats in the June 26 primary election to win her party 's nomination , the real contest in this heavily Democratic district .
" 7.ii and he is called Mardos by Justin Justin i.9 , Mergis and Aeschylus .Aeschylus " Pers .
In July 2010 , Christen confirmed that the Obama White House was considering her to fill the vacancy on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit created when Judge Andrew Kleinfeld assumed senior status .
228 Contrariwise , the retirement communities further south that had become powerfully Republican in presidential elections over the previous fifteen years were extremely hostile to GOP nominee Barry Goldwater " s desire to privatize Social Security .Phillips ; " The Emerging Republican Majority " , p .
The Plymouth Brethren is a conservative , Evangelical , restorationist movement whose origin can be traced to Dublin , Ireland , in 1827 .
It is not clear whether there were any official administrative measures intended against him ; possibly fearing further governmental reprisals , in the very late 1900 via France he left for Portugal Fernández Escudero 2012 , p .
Labour established itself as the main challenger to the Liberals at the 1950 United Kingdom general election in a three-way contest , and the Conservatives opted out of the contest thereafter until 1964 United Kingdom general election .
On 24 September , the Spanish Supreme Court ruled in favor of the PSOE 's plan to remove the remnants of Francisco Franco from the Valle de los Caídos , a key policy of Pedro Sánchez during the previous legislature .
Adolfo Carrión , Jr , who was the Independence Party of New York nominee for Mayor of New York City in 2013 , considered challenging Serrano from the right in the Democratic primary , but ultimately declined to run .
YES is the youth organisation of the Party of European Socialists ( PES ) and is a sister organization of the International Union of Socialist Youth ( IUSY ) .
King Matthias conquered a large part of Moravia , and was crowned by the papal party in the Moravian ecclesiastical metropolis Olomouc as king of Bohemia on 3 May 1469 .
Miliband volunteered to be sent to Belgium to assist the resistance movement , and passed his medical in January 1942 , but as a Polish national he was not allowed to join until the Polish government-in-exile gave consent .
The Liberal Party of Australia was defending four seats .
It was launched on 19 October 2011 at Tagore Hall , Kozhikode .
In February 2009 , he and the former leader of the New Zealand Labour Party , Helen Clark ( now the Administrator of the United Nations ' Development Program ) , were appointed as New Zealand 's inaugural representatives on the Board of the Pacific Friends of the Global Fund , the regional partnership with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation ' s major initiative against HIV / AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria .
This was considered a front-line posting , given Germany 's tense relations with Poland and the fact that Poland at this time had a much bigger army than Germany .
" A Summary View of the Rights of British America " was a tract written by Thomas Jefferson in 1774 , before the U.S. Declaration of Independence , in which he laid out for delegates to the First Continental Congress a set of grievances against King George III , especially against the King 's and Parliament 's response to the Boston Tea Party .
The organization 's first event was a national convention , keynoted by DNC Chairman Howard Dean , at Harvard Law School .Joe Berkon , L " aw School Democrats Kick Off National Network " , Harvard Law Record re-election .
He was elected with 59 % of the vote in 2012 against Republican incumbent Roscoe Bartlett and the district has a PVI of D + 4 .
The New Politics Network was an independent political and campaigning think tank in the United Kingdom , concerned with democratic renewal and popular participation in politics .
Joseph Needham appreciated Wittfogel 's early work for its combination of Weberian understanding of bureaucracy and Marxist political analysis .
He graduated Associate of Arts , cum laude , from Ateneo de Manila University on 1935 , and Bachelor of Science in Commerce , summa cum laude , from New York University in 1936 .
After abolition of the Prussian Associations Legislation ( " Preußischen Vereinsgesetzgebung " ) in 1908 , which had prohibited women from membership in political parties , Lange joined the left-liberal " Freisinnigen Vereinigung " ( Free-minded Union ) .
The next phase of the campaign featured the French invasion of the House of Habsburg heartlands .
He has been director / deputy director of numerous museums in Spain .
" His means did not permit him to go beyond Milan and Mantua , where he remained a month and then went to Lübeck , where he lived five years painting portraits .
In addition , Acting president Guy Scott served in an interim capacity after the death of President Michael Sata .
In Austria , " Libertas " was rejected by both Freedom Party of Austria ( FPÖ ) and Alliance for the Future of Austria ( BZÖ ) as well as by the independent Hans-Peter Martin .
In January 1919 , Lea and a group of three officers and three sergeants from his unit , the 114th Field Artillery , traveled to Kasteel Amerongen in the Netherlands in a failed attempt to seize the recently exiled German Kaiser Wilhelm II and bring him to the Paris Peace Conference for potential trial for war crimes .
In addition to these two main components , there also include a significantly small percentage of Arabs , descendants of the soldiers who served in the occupying Ancient Rome army after the destruction of the Second Temple and even some survivors of the ancient Canaan ite and Philistine who are idol worshipers that live in Gaza and in the village of Jisr az-Zarka , near Haifa .
It was founded in 1944 as the successor to the United Australia Party ( UAP ) .
The campaign has received the backing of the Scottish National Party ' s affiliated youth organisations , the Young Scots for Independence ( SNP Youth ) and Federation of Student Nationalists ( SNP Students ) .
Only the Union of Democrats for the Republic campaigned for a yes .
Benjamin Franklin stayed there overnight in 1776 , while trying to raise troops to fight for the Americans in the American Revolutionary War .
President George W. Bush did speak to reporters at his ranch , saying :
Prince Charles then discovered that Frederick had failed to occupy the Graner-Koppe , a hill north of Burkersdorf ( Střítež , Trutnov District , modern day Czech Republic ) that dominated the landscape to the east and south .
Gregg was born in Edmonton .
He is the Prime Minister of Republic of Upper Volta from 1971 to 1974 , under the presidency of Sangoulé Lamizana .
As the post-2000 Hungarian political establishment became very much focused on the perceived " autobahn -gap " compared to better-routed Slovakia and especially Croatia and decided to upgrade the highway system , there was no significant domestic funding for developing the Hungarian Railway especially for the small regional lines .
However , there was no official confirmation that he had taken up the post and , after a few days , he proposed that Prime Minister Shavkat Mirziyoyev ( seen by observers as Karimov 's likely successor ) take the post instead , in light of the latter 's " many years of experience , " and Mirziyoyev was accordingly appointed as interim President by a joint session of both houses of parliament on 8 September 2016 .
It was reported in 2012 that Progress had received more money than both the Green Party of England and Wales and Plaid Cymru , and that it had received more than 122 times more funding than any other members ' association within the Labour Party .
As well , the bank is a member of the Canadian Bankers Association ( CBA ) ; registered member with the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation ( CDIC ) , a federal agency insuring deposits at all of Canada 's chartered banks ; and , a member of Interac , which handles transactions between automated teller machines of different banks and debit card transactions .
The summary of verdict in the conviction of Abdul Quader Molla recognized the role played by Jamaat-e-Islami and its student wing ( ' Islami Chatra Sangha ' ) as collaborators with the Pakistan Army in 1971 .
Henrique Mitchell de Paiva Cabral Couceiro ( 30 December 1861 in Lisbon & amp ; ndash ; 11 February 1944 in Lisbon ) was a Portuguese soldier , colonial governor , monarchist politician and counter-revolutionary ; he was notable for his role during the colonial occupation of Portuguese Angola and Portuguese Mozambique and for his dedication to the monarchist cause during the period of the First Portuguese Republic through the founding of the Monarchy of the North .
S.G. Ikoku , Uche Chukwumerije Uche Chukwumerije , Muhammadu Dikko Yusufu , Umaru Musa Yar 'Adua , Bashir Yusuf Ibrahim , Ghali Umar Na 'Abba and Chinua Achebe - who served briefly as Deputy National President in the early 1980s .
In 2019 the book was released in audiobook format for the first time , narrated by Liam Gerrard .
In the 2014 European Parliament election in the Netherlands on 22 May 2014 , the party kept its four seats in the European Parliament .
The eighth and last leader of the Soviet Union , he was the general secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991 .
Lowery worked for the Australian online advocacy group GetUp ! as well as a number of UK NGOs including Oxfam and the Global Campaign for Education .
He is credited with having sent a mission including Norisachigye ( 노리사치계 , 怒利斯致契 , ? - ? ) in 538 to Japan that brought an image of Shakyamuni and several sutras to the Japanese court .
The formation of communist parties in various countries was first initiated by the Russian Bolsheviks within the Communist International .
At the 1929 United Kingdom general election he contested the University of Wales seat for the Conservatives .
During this time , Rivera also had a relationship with painter Maria Vorobieff-Stebelska , who gave birth to a daughter named Marika Rivera in 1918 or 1919.Angelina Beloff , " Memorias "
DAR chapters have been founded in Australia , Austria , the Bahamas , Bermuda , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Mexico , Spain , and the United Kingdom .
Agha Mohammad Khan then seized Qumis , Semnan , Damghan , Shahrud and Bastam .
Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin dismissed the board 's concerns that children would be confused or misled by classroom information about same-sex parents .
Monaghan was sunk in a typhoon east of the Philippines in 1944 .
South Vietnamese President Nguyễn Văn Thiệu had made his position on the cease-fire agreement quite public by proclaiming the " Four Nos " : no negotiations with the communists ; no communist political activities south of the Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) ; no coalition government ; and no surrender of territory to the North Vietnamese or Provisional Revolutionary Government of the Republic of South Vietnam ( PRG ) - policies which all but abrogated the Paris Accords.Willbanks , p .
Brazil - Democratic Republic of the Congo relations refer to the relations between the Federative Republic of Brazil and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
In 2007 , Kouvalis was acquitted in the Ontario Court of Justice for allegedly uttering a death threat against Jeff Watson , a Conservative Party of Canada Member of Parliament .
Singapore and the Soviet Union ( now Russia ) entered into full diplomatic relations on 1 June 1968 .
İlker Başbuğ , Chief of the Turkish Armed Forces held a phone conversation with Gabi Ashkenazi , the Israeli Chief of Staff and called the raid unacceptable and indicated such actions could hold very serious consequences .
49-50 These terms were formalized and signed at the Treaty of Kiel on January 14 , in which Denmark negotiated to maintain sovereignty over the Norwegian possessions of Greenland , the Faroe Islands , and Iceland .
He introduced it again in 2011 , and Sen. Jeff Merkley introduced it in the Senate .
The biggest winner of the election was the Lega Nord , which was not inclined to alliances at the time due to its separatist leanings .
Although the king , as regent , took part in the conduct of government by attending council meetings , he was afflicted by alcoholism and most of his rule was dominated by very able ministers such as Adam Gottlob Moltke , whom he had as a favorite , J. H. E. Bernstorff and Heinrich Carl von Schimmelmann .
Since 5 September 2019 , he has been serving as Minister of Economy and Finances in the government of Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte .
After the resignation of András Schiffer he was appointed leader of the LMP parliamentary group on 29 January 2012 .
He was then elected president in 1984 , defeating Nationalist Republican Alliance leader Roberto D 'Aubuisson .
Two years later an old friend of his , General Louis Botha , became Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa .
Sponsored by CBS News , WCBS-TV , and " The New York Times " , it was moderated by Dan Rather , joined by Elisabeth Bumiller of " The New York Times " and Andrew Kirtzman of WCBS-TV .
She was elected in the 1995 Saskatchewan general election as a Saskatchewan New Democratic Party MLA .
The camp , which operated from 20 to 27 April 1940 , also held Norwegians accused of collaborating with the Germans or the Norwegians fascists led by Vidkun Quisling .
79 On October 17 , Nicolae and his mother were honored guests at Brașov , on their way to a gilded imprisonment in the castle of Gilău ( Gela ) .Mârza , pp. 79-80 ; Mihăilescu , pp. 42-43 In their dialogue with Michael , the Hungarians offered Gilău as a permanent family " demesne " .Mârza , pp. 78 , 80
Vermont was an unrecognized Vermont Republic that had been seeking independent statehood from New York 's claims to the territory .
The fourth world conference on UN 70th anniversary marked by Ban Ki-moon as " UN70 " was organised in September 2015 where Speakers of all IPU ( " Inter-Parliamentary Union " ) member parliaments and of non-member parliaments were invited from across the world .
Johnson enrolled in a Church Mission Society ( CMS ) school , then went on to Fourah Bay College , located in Freetown , graduating in 1858 .
After losing the election , the Republican , Unity , and Democratic ( formerly Constitutionalist ) parties merged into the Progressive Party with Liang Qichao as leader .
He noted that in the 1960s preventive detention was primarily used to counter the subversive Communist threat posed by the Malayan Communist Party which was hiding within legal organizations .
The Heritage Property Act is a provincial statute which allows for the preservation of cultural heritage properties , archaeological site s and palaeontological sites in the province of Saskatchewan , Canada .
The prominent individualist anarchist Benjamin Tucker moved from the United States first to France and then to Monaco , after a 1908 fire in his New York City bookstore saw him lose both uninsured printing equipment and his 30-year stock of books and pamphlets .
Van Voorst tot Voorst was appointed as State Secretary for Foreign Affairs in the Cabinet Lubbers II following the resignation of René van der Linden , taking office on 27 september 1988 .
In July 2011 , an event at the Islamic Human Rights Commission took place in London to mark the fifth anniversary of Syed Talha Ahsan 's imprisonment with contributions from his lawyer Gareth Peirce and veteran anti-war campaigner Bruce Kent .
At the University of Vienna , Hayek earned doctorates in law and political science in 1921 and 1923 respectively and also studied philosophy , psychology and economics .
In August 1963 , 22-year old folksinger Joan Baez , led a crowd of 300,000 in singing " We Shall Overcome " at the Lincoln Memorial during A. Philip Randolph ' s March on Washington .
Born in Kendal , Sinkinson later relocated to Edinburgh .
It came into effect upon the dropping of the writs for the 2015 Canadian federal election .
Most developments apply to the Crimean Peninsula , formerly a multi-ethnic region of Ukraine composed of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the administratively separate municipality of Sevastopol ; both are populated by an ethnic Russian majority and a minority of both ethnic Ukrainians and Crimean Tatars .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage dismissed the remarks as a " minor confusion " ; UKIP added it was not " the party 's policy to round up migrants and put them on a boat at Dover .
Though Dallas was unsuccessful in preventing Polk from appointing Buchanan as Secretary of State , he helped convince Polk to appoint Robert J. Walker as Secretary of the Treasury .
Former Republican state representative Woody Jenkins of Baton Rouge and Democrat Mary Landrieu of New Orleans , the former state treasurer , went into the general election contest .
The family relocated to Edinburgh , and Donald attended Edinburgh Academy .
By June 1813 Belgrano set up a base in Potosí with an army of 2,500 men , to prepare an attack on Upper Peru .
Returning to his legal career , his former Civil War commander , John Brown Gordon appointed him as Judge of the Chattahoochee Circuit of the Superior Court from 1888 until 1890 .
Cook took over the leadership from Deakin shortly before the 1913 Australian federal election and won government by a single seat .
In April 1948 , a transatlantic route was started between Havana and Madrid ( via Bermuda , the Azores and Lisbon ) using Douglas DC-4 aircraft .
A memorial to the men who died in the Irish Rebellion of 1798 , the Easter Rising and the hunger strike stands in Waverley Cemetery , Sydney , Australia , which is also the burial place of Michael Dwyer of the Society of United Irishmen .
They flew to the French colony of Tunisia , but insecurity compelled them to seek friendlier surroundings .
He also argued for continuing the war against Germany and Austria .
The Shafi-ur-Rehman Commission Report are the highly classified judicial inquiry papers concerning and thoroughly covering the events leading to the rise to power and death and state funeral of President of Pakistan , General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq .
It contested the 1970 United Kingdom general election and in February 1974 United Kingdom general election on a neo-Nazi platform , attracting little support .
On 10 April 2009 , he became the Minister of Rural and Regional Development in the first Cabinet of Prime Minister Najib Razak .
In 1948 , Fushun Coal Mine went under control of the Communist Party of China and became one of industrial centers for People 's Republic of China .
The fourth most significant secessionist movement in China is the South Mongolia independence movement , which primarily aims to achieve independence for the Chinese ( PRC ) Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region as " South Mongolia " and which secondarily aims to incorporate South Mongolia into the currently existing sovereign state known as " Mongolia .
" Young Liberals started to show by example how community politics could win elections first with by-election wins in 1972 ( notably with YL vice-chair Graham Tope ' s win at Sutton and Cheam ) and then through the work of Trevor Jones and his colleagues in Liverpool , where they won control of the council .
In Tehran , the turnout was double that of previous election and the National Front candidates , including members of Iran Party , Toilers Party of the Iranian Nation , Society of Muslim Warriors and non-partisan nationalists won all twelve seats .
He supported Park Geun-hye becoming the presidential nominee of the United Future Party national convention in 2007 , however Lee Myung-bak was nominated .
In the years that followed , Curtin became a close friend and confidant of Abraham Lincoln , visiting the White House several times in order to converse about the status of the war effort .
Jure Pelivan , of the HDZ , was elected as the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
A third party , the Bermuda Democratic Alliance ( BDA ) ( not to be confused with a party of the same name founded in 2009 ) , was formed in the summer of 1967 with a splinter group from the PLP as a nucleus ; it disbanded in 1970 .
This continued to be the case up to and including the 2005 United Kingdom general election , but since the 2010 United Kingdom general election two constituencies fall entirely within Herefordshire and six within Worcestershire .
However , when Shankar ( Abhishek Bachchan ) convinces him of the benefits of the project to the state , Sarkar agrees to the proposal .
After Virginia refused , the Committee drafted a similar petition ( dated July 5 , 1776 ) asking the Province of North Carolina Assembly to annex the area .
Beni Prasad Verma has established educational institutions Chaudhary Charan Singh Mahavidyalaya at Bardari near Badosarai and Mohanlal Verma Educational Institute in his home district of Barabanki .
Marcos placed second in the tightly contested vice presidential race losing to Camarines Sur Representative Leni Robredo , who won by a margin of 263,473 votes .
" Herbert Zam and Benjamin Gitlow as well as ( from the Trotskyists ) Max Shachtman , James Burnham , Martin Abern and Hal Draper .
In 1938 , Hancock was recruited by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to challenge incumbent Democratic Senator Robert R. Reynolds in the Democratic primary .
Soluk became the Minister of Transport , Maritime and Communication on 8 March 2011 , three months before the 2011 Turkish general election , as required by Article 114 of the Turkish Constitution .
He cooperated with Hubert Humphrey in successfully calling for a strong civil rights plank at the 1948 Democratic National Convention , to which he was a delegate and chair of the platform committee which produced the plank .
In December 1879 , the Narodnaya Volya ( People 's Will ) , a radical revolutionary group which hoped to ignite a social revolution , organised an explosion on the railway from Livadia to Moscow , but they missed the emperor 's train .
From 1951 to 1957 he studied psychology at the Catholic University of Nijmegen ( presently known as the Radboud University Nijmegen ) .
In 1902 Bondfield met Mary Macarthur , some eight years her junior , who chaired the Ayr branch of NAUSAWC .
" He eventually stood for election to the House of Representatives at the 1980 Australian federal election for the safe Melbourne seat of Wills , winning it comfortably .
In 1941 , Li Peng began studying at the Yan 'an Institute of Natural Science ( a predecessor of the Beijing Institute of Technology ) .Bartke 235 In July 1946 , Li was sent to work in Zhangjiakou .
Mboya 's political life started immediately after he was employed at Nairobi City Council as a sanitary inspector in 1950 .
Following the shake-up of Jackson 's cabinet in the wake of the Petticoat affair in 1831 , Senator Hugh Lawson White recommended Bell for Secretary of War , but the appointment went to Lewis Cass .
Ideas from Vladimir Solovyov , Dmitry Pisarev , Nikolay Chernyshevsky and Konstantin Aksakov concerning the Russian people 's distinct spiritual heritage may have brought rise to Dubnow 's own ideas on the Jews shared heritage .
EDSA is an acronym derived from Epifanio de los Santos Avenue , the major thoroughfare connecting five cities in Metro Manila , namely Pasay , Makati , Mandaluyong , Quezon City , and Caloocan , with the revolution 's epicenter at the EDSA Shrine church at the northern tip of Ortigas Center , a business district .
He graduated from New Westminster Secondary School and holds a bachelor 's degree in political science from the Université du Québec à Montréal with a specialization in International Relations .
That same year , the prince established a nationalist political movement , Union for National Progress ( UPRONA ) .
Former Sun News Network senior anchor Krista Erickson wrote an article for " National Newswatch " in 2015 that singled out Teneycke , who was in charge of the channel , for criticism calling him a " controlling authoritarian " whose pro-Conservative Party " partisanship often went into overdrive " at the channel 's expense .
What most impressed him was the " look of freedom " on the faces of the children , which were not like the sallow look of those from the Nazi concentration camps of Europe .
In 1776 , Francis Light of the Kingdom of Great Britain sent 1,400 flintlock s along with other goods as gifts to Taksin .
Lumumba 's heritage is also claimed by the Unified Lumumbist Party ( PALU ) led by Lumumba 's former deputy , Antoine Gizenga , the former Prime Minister .
For example , Switzerland is constitutionally a confederation of cantons , and has four official languages , but it has also a " Swiss " national identity , a national history and a classic national hero , Wilhelm Tell .
After the attempt to develop the KAPD in Essen failed , Schröder returned to the SPD at the instigation of Paul Levi .
Portland Science Advocates organized the march in support of science and to protest President Donald Trump ' s plan to cut funding for the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Institutes of Health .
In Saint Kitts and Nevis , the Saint Kitts and Nevis Labour Party has never before lost the popular vote ( since 1962 ) .
The secretary would be assisted by three Undersecretaries and three Assistant Secretaries , that would be appointed by the President of the Philippines upon the recommendation of the Secretary .
In the 1929 Czechoslovak parliamentary election , Buzek was elected member of parliament .
His son Will Hodgman was elected to the House of Assembly in 2002 from the neighbouring seat of Franklin ; Will is the current Premier of Tasmania .
She called for a provincial investigation into the practices of the York Board of Education and sought help from Ontario Education Minister Sean Conway .
According to the Democratic firm Public Policy Polling , early polling found Manchin heavily favored , leading Representative Shelley Moore Capito 50-39 , 2010 opponent John Raese 60-31 , and Congressman David McKinley 57-28 .
He received 786 votes ( 19.26 % ) , finishing second against Liberal-Progressive candidate Douglas Lloyd Campbell , the Premier of Manitoba .
The People 's Republic of China claimed Taiwan , Kinmen , the Matsu Islands , the Pratas Islands and Itu Aba , all of which were governed by the Republic of China .
Freed in the summer of 1972 Beal made his way to Miami where he helped Tom Forcade lead the protests against the Republican and Democratic Conventions with Wisconsin radical Pat Small and Aron Kay and others .
As Prime Minister , Attlee appointed Hugh Dalton as Chancellor of the Exchequer , Ernest Bevin as Foreign Secretary , and Herbert Morrison as Deputy Prime Minister , with overall responsibility for nationalisation .
Before the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election most of the radical points which were present on the Svoboda 's original party platform vanished from the official election program that Svoboda filed with the Central Election Commission of Ukraine .
For example , in the lyrics " Auf Joseph Stalin , Winston Churchill , Franklin D. Roosevelt , ade , ade , ade , " to represent the Allied leaders of Second World War .
" Collinsella tanakaei " is a Gram-positive , strictly anaerobic , non- spore -forming and rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of " Collinsella " which has been isolated from human faeces from Tokyo in Japan .
" Continental Airlines began service between Denver and San Diego after eight years only because a United States Court of Appeals ordered the CAB to approve the application .
The new building was built to designs of Andrea Belli , and construction was supervised by " capomastro " Domenico Cachia .
Wainwright held visiting professorships at the University of Notre Dame , the Pontifical Gregorian University and Angelicum universities in Rome and the United Faculty of Theology in Melbourne , Australia .
The Weimar Republic lasted only 14 years before it collapsed and was replaced by Nazi Germany .
Lundine is the only Democrat to have represented the Western Southern Tier in Congress in the 20th century , and no other Democrats would do so until Democrats Brian Higgins and Eric Massa won both portions of the now-divided district in 2005 and 2009 respectively .
The Democratic Party , under the influence of future federal Senate Minority and Majority Leader Joseph Taylor Robinson and demagogic Governor and Senator Jeff Davis , was to make many familiar progressive changes in railroad regulation and child labor , Moneyhon , Carl H. ; " Arkansas and the New South : 1874-1929 " , p .
Zeev Sternhell , " Les convergences fascistes , " pp. 533-564 in " Nouvelle histoire des idées politiques " ( dir. by Pascal Ory ) , Pluriel Hachette , 1987
First Lady Laura Bush also directly addressed the Displace Me participants via a prerecorded speech shown on video .
Joseph Stalin ordered Stavka , the Red Army ' s high command , to develop a plan for a counterstrike against the Japanese .
Suniti Chattaraj of Congress defeated Keshab Das of CPI ( M ) in 1982 and Arun Kumar Chowdhury in 1977 .
Adolfo Suárez 's CDS had a modest entry into the Congress with 2 seats and 2.9 % of the vote , while the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) vote plummeted , suffering from tactical voting to the PSOE .
Radical Movement of Social Democratic Alliance ( RIKSSY ) ( , ΡΙΚΣΣΥ ( a play on words with the homophone ρήξη , " rupture " ) , was a short-lived ( 2012-2013 ) political party in Greece , established in December 2012 .
The 2014 European Parliament election became an exception in connection with the Swedish European Commissioner Cecilia Malmström ' s initiative to introduce new common EU rules that would significantly restrict the possibilities of legally owning firearms .
When Azerbaijan Democratic Republic was proclaimed on May 28 , 1918 , Jafarov was appointed the Minister of Industry and Trade within the new Cabinet of Azerbaijan established by Prime Minister Fatali Khan Khoyski .
Edward Jones ( 1807 & amp ; ndash ; 1865 ) was an African American missionary to the colony of Sierra Leone .
He repeated the accusations made by various media and civil rights organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law Center recalling his past association with the CofCC saying , " I will not participate in any program that has racist overtones .
A 2016 Sheffield Brightside and Hillsborough by-election was also held on the same day .
He interned for CNN at its headquarters in Atlanta .
On graduating he became a freelance journalist specialising in foreign stories , during which he publicised the Indonesian annexation of West Papua and child labour on British-owned tea farms in Malawi .
He subsequently completed a Master of Business Administration at the Curtin University in Perth , Australia .
They were the last elections held under a mandatory two-party system , as reforms were enacted in 1979 by Brazil 's governing military junta , represented in Congress by the National Renewal Alliance Party , to allow a multi-party system to emerge in an effort to combat the growing popularity of the opposition Brazilian Democratic Movement ( MDB ) by splitting their vote .
He was best known as leader of the moderate Irish Parliamentary Party ( IPP ) from 1900 until his death in 1918 .
Shamkhani was born on 29 September 1955 in Ahvaz , Khuzestan .
On election day itself , the party managed improve on its 2015 result and received 27 % of the Scottish vote in a surprisingly good night for the party nationwide , and picked up 6 seats from the SNP in traditionally Labour areas such as Coatbridge , Glasgow , Kirkcaldy , and Rutherglen , bringing its Scottish number of seats to 7 .
Her Majesty 's Principal Secretary of State for Transport is the member of the cabinet responsible for the United Kingdom Department for Transport .
The Republican state convention met on September 23 at Carnegie Hall in New York City .
After graduating from high school , Yakovleva was admitted to one of the leading theaters in Moscow , the Sovremennik Theatre .
The character of Praed during his university life is described by Edward Bulwer-Lytton in the first volume of his " Life " .
When he traveled to Guatemala to take up his duties he was accompanied by his sons , the future architect Addison Mizner and future playwright Wilson Mizner .
She was the only journalist sent by a Colombian media outlet to London to cover the wedding of the Prince of Wales and Lady Diana Spencer on 29 July 1981 .
Prominent examples include President Ronald Reagan , Princess Diana , Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist , National Football League star Reggie White , Sonny Bono , comedian George Carlin , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , atheists , Muslims , murdered college student Matthew Shepard , children 's television host Fred Rogers , Australian actor Heath Ledger , Comedy Central ' s Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert , political commentator Bill O 'Reilly , Jews ,
Amid the 2017-18 Australian parliamentary eligibility crisis , the trigger for the by-election was the resignation of Liberal Party of Australia incumbent John Alexander effective 11 November 2017 .
The H.R. 6385 act was drafted by Harry Anslinger and introduced by Rep. Robert L. Doughton of North Carolina , on April 14 , 1937 .
In New Zealand the Office of the Ombudsman ( in Māori : " Tari o te Kaitiaki Mana Tangata " ) was established in 1962 under the Parliamentary Commissioner ( Ombudsman ) Act 1962 .
The party has a well-developed international network , as a member of the International Democrat Union IDU , a working association of over 82 centre-right parties from over 63 countries .
When Narendra Modi , as Chief Minister of Gujarat , increased electricity prices in 2003 the BKS launched a protest movement against the BJP government , with a 50,000 strong protest in Gandhinagar .
Founded in Genoa in 1892 , the PSI dominated the Italian left until after World War II , when it was eclipsed in status by the Italian Communist Party .
Some members owned slaves , the most famous of the slaves being Sojourner Truth , and the church did not support abolitionism .
A few days later , another PC member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan ( MLA ) , Dennis Marvin Ham , also left the PC caucus to join Collver .
These actions , based on a decree by Hans Frank , were intended to crush the will to resist among the Polish population .
John Sarbanes is the eldest son of former U.S. Senator Paul Sarbanes ( who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1971 to 1977 and as a United States Senator from 1977 to 2007 ) and Christine Dunbar Sarbanes , a teacher .
It is a sequel to the 1990 film " The Hunt for Red October " , but with different actors in the leading roles , Harrison Ford starring as Jack Ryan and Anne Archer as his wife .
Opposition parties were not actually outlawed till two months later at the end of March , but by that time measures had already been enacted which rendered illegal a final meeting of the Nazi Germany Communist Party Central Committee that took place in Berlins 's " Goat 's Neck Sports Tavern " ( " " Sporthaus Ziegenhals " " ) on 7 February 1933 , and at which Handke was one of the 37 participants .
In his memoirs , Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , the founder of Bangladesh and a protege of Suhrawardy , remarked " The Bengalis has initially failed to appreciate a leader of Mr. Suhrawardy 's stature .
Huvishka ( Kushan : " Οοηϸκι " , " Ooishki , " Brahmi : 14px sup 12px / supsub 16px / sub " Hu-vi-ṣka " ) was the emperor of the Kushan Empire from the death of Kanishka ( assumed on the best evidence available to be in 150 CE ) until the succession of Vasudeva I about thirty years later .
In 1926 , he served as interior minister of Germany in the cabinets of chancellors Hans Luther and Wilhelm Marx .
On 21 October Tony Wilson hosted a discussion about royalty with , among others , Andrew Morton , Peregrine Worsthorne and Archduke Karl von Habsburg .
On " The Michael Coren Show " , commentator Akaash Maharaj , former Liberal and Independent MP John Nunziata , and host Michael Coren himself voiced opposition to the way Guergis was being treated .
Eva Kotchever ( 1891-1943 ) -an activist , owner of the famous Eve 's Hangout in Greenwich Village , deported from the United States for " obscenity , " died at Auschwitz .
Under the leadership of Massimo Cacciari , who was also candidate for President for the whole The Olive Tree coalition , the joint centrist list won 13.6 % and elected ten regional deputies : six Populars and three Democrats , plus Massimo Cacciari , a Democrat himself , who was soundly defeated by Giancarlo Galan ( Forza Italia , House of Freedoms ) .
He was a Ontario New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1977 who represented the ridings of Sandwich-Riverside and Windsor - Riverside .
Following the 2011 New South Wales state election the department was merged with Corrective Services and renamed to its current name .
Between the sixth and sixteenth centuries , the Kingdom of Airgíalla ( Anglicized as Oriel ) was one of the three major kingdoms that formed what is now the province of Ulster .
On 17 May 1195 , Grand Prince Ryurik Rostislavich ( Roman 's father-in-law ) allocated domains in the Kievan lands to the princes in Monomakh 's dynasty , and Roman received Torchesk , Trypillia , Korsun , Bohuslav , and Kaniv .
On 10 April 2013 , the Prime Minister of Australia , Julia Gillard , announced that , starting from 2015 , holders of Macao SAR e-passport s ( along with Hong Kong SAR and PRC passport holders ) would be able to use SmartGate s in Australia on a trial basis .
Swanson also entered into various real estate consortiums with Flood and his nephew , Harry F. Byrd .
The election was decided in the seats of Bruce near Melbourne and Moreton near Brisbane .
Sherlock was re-elected at the February 1982 Irish general election , but lost his seat at the November 1982 Irish general election .
The first building on this site was a fortress with a core tower built in the 13th century by Birger Jarl to defend the entry into Lake Mälaren .
In January 2016 , Trone entered the Democratic primary campaign to succeed Chris Van Hollen in Maryland 's 8th congressional district .
On 2 August 1990 , Queen Elizabeth II , on the advice of her Cabinet under Prime Minister Brian Mulroney , created the Gulf and Kuwait Medal to recognize members of the Canadian Forces who had served in the theatre of the Gulf War .
Rashtriya Lok Samata Party ( translation : National People 's Equality Party ; abbreviated as RLSP ) is a political party in the India n State Bihar , founded on 3 March 2013 .
Fisher became an apprentice draughtsman at Swan Hunter , Wallsend , and attended evening classes at Northumbria University before being accepted into London University in 1920 .
The Reform Alliance was an Irish political group formed on 13 September 2013 by Oireachtas members who had been expelled from the Fine Gael parliamentary party for voting against the party whip .
One crew member , Fernando Pereira of Portugal , photographer , drowned on the sinking ship while attempting to recover his photographic equipment .
The film was nominated for an Oscar for its script and won the New York Film Critics Circle award for Best Foreign Language Film .
In the 2016 Taiwan general election s , Tsai Ing-wen and the Democratic Progressive Party captured landslide victories .
They included representatives of the Symbolist movement , such as Victor Eftimiu , who was inspired by Creangă 's narrative style in writing his fantasy and verse play " Înșir 'te mărgărite " .Călinescu , p .
" Lanark " has been compared with Franz Kafka and " Nineteen Eighty-Four " by George Orwell for its atmosphere of bureaucratic threat , and with Jorge Luis Borges and Italo Calvino for its fabulism .
Levitsky and Way argue that states such as the Serbia and Montenegro under Slobodan Milošević , Zimbabwe and post-Soviet Russia were never truly democratic and not developing toward democracy , but were rather tending toward authoritarian behavior despite having elections , which were sometimes sharply contested .
His 1984 book " The Resourceful Earth " ( co-edited by Herman Kahn ) , is a similar criticism of the conventional wisdom on population growth and resource consumption and a direct response to the Global 2000 report .
TfL is controlled by a board whose members are appointed by the Mayor of London , a position held by Sadiq Khan since May 2016 .
Despite key HDP leaders being opposed to talks with the CHP , the party 's deputy leader Sezgin Tanrıkulu is allegedly engaged in closed negotiations with the HDP so that the talks do not generate controversy within the party 's parliamentary group or voters .
Ranking Democrats include Governor Gina Raimondo , House Speaker Nicholas Mattiello , Senate President Dominick Ruggerio , U.S. Representatives David Cicilline and Jim Langevin , Secretary of State Nellie Gorbea , General Treasurer Seth Magaziner , Senate Majority Leader Michael McCaffrey , and Lt. Gov. Daniel McKee .
The elections were observed by monitors from the European Parliament , Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) and the Council of Europe .
Operation Menu was a covert United States Strategic Air Command ( SAC ) tactical bombing campaign conducted in eastern Cambodia from 18 March 1969 until 26 May 1970 as part of both the Vietnam War and the Cambodian Civil War .
On 17 September the Mountain Hawks Brigade announced that it had withdrawn from the Jarabulus and al-Rai fronts and its fighters and equipment will be transferred to the fronts in Aleppo city , Hama , and Latakia .
It made a certain impression on the 2005 Parti Québécois leadership election , getting mixed reactions .
Stalbe is a village in and the centre of Pārgauja Municipality and Stalbe Parish , Latvia .
He used it to obliterate three rebellions , one led by his slave , another by Silla partisans , and one by his nephew Park Jinjae .
Tuilaepa has emerged as one of Oceania 's most vocal critics of Fijian interim leader Commodore Frank Bainimarama , who came to power in the 2006 Fijian coup d 'état .
The number of seats gained by the most successful party in the 1999 Turkish general election was only 136 out of 550 .
During a meeting in May 2010 , members of the Blue Team played airsoft , prompting Jaroslav Tvrdík , campaign manager of the Czech Social Democratic Party ( ČSSD ) , to accuse the Blue Team of training commandos to interrupt ČSSD meetings , and compare the Blue Team with the Nazi Party .
Subsequently , he installed his wife Rabri Devi as Bihar CM .
He is also a former MP and Minister of Tourism in the Cabinet of South Africa .
" Klobuchar added that she was " for a jump-start of the discussion " as espoused in the Green New Deal 's framework by fellow senator Ed Markey .
Following the outbreak of World War I , Lehár , now with the rank of Major , was put in command of the 2nd battalion of the Honvéd - Landsturm Infantry Regiment No. 13 , which he led in September 1914 during battles at Chodel south of Lublin .
Indirect presidential elections were held in Brazil on 15 October 1978 .
He is best known for his plan for an expedition to the Manchu Qing dynasty , and his campaigns against the Russian Empire at the request of the Qing dynasty .
Music of this genre has often courted controversy with some of this music effectively banned from the airwaves in the Republic of Ireland in the 1980s .
In 1996 , Griffin sought the Democratic nomination for President in the New Hampshire primary , finishing a very distant eighth to Bill Clinton .
The provincial elections in 1977 were boycotted by the opposition Pakistan National Alliance , a short-lived government was formed under Chief Minister Muhammad Iqbal Khan Jadoon .
She lost to Australian Labor Party David Hamill .
Meanwhile , Inspector Samar Pratap Singh ( Manoj Bajpayee ) arrives at Motihari ( Bihar ) , where he has been transferred as an inspector , with his wife ( Raveena Tandon ) and daughter .
Dortmund is home to many cultural and educational institutions , including the Technical University of Dortmund and Dortmund University of Applied Sciences and Arts , International School of Management and other educational , cultural and administrative facilities with over 49,000 students , many museums , such as Museum Ostwall , Museum of Art and Cultural History , German Football Museum , as well as theatres and music venues like the Theater Dortmund or the Opera House of Dortmund .
Perot 's independent candidacy won the largest share of the popular vote of any third party or independent candidate since Theodore Roosevelt ' s 1912 United States presidential election candidacy .
Carlo Fidanza and Marco Scurria , MEPs in the European People 's Party group , also joined the party .
The school of cadres ( for Viet Cong ) in South Vietnam was established in May 1974 near Saigon , and the principal was Nguyen Ngoc Sat .
He was also awarded the Cullum Geographical Medal of the American Geographical Society .
Known for his confrontational and provocative approach , Robinson has on several occasions caused a stir with his style of questioning , particularly of national leaders such as George W. Bush .
Other changes include downplaying Abraham Lincoln ' s role in the civil war and putting more emphasis on the Confederate States of America leader Jefferson Davis , questioning the Civil Rights Movement in addition to downplaying .
The incumbent is Republican Mark Amodei , who has represented the district since 2011 .
On March 15 , 2005 , members of the Harvard Faculty of Arts and Sciences , which instructs graduate students in Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences and undergraduates in Harvard College , passed 218-185 a motion of " lack of confidence " in the leadership of Summers , with 18 abstentions .
The fishermen 's demand for the cleanup of Minamata Bay , the installation of wastewater treatment facilities and JPY 100 million ( USD 278,000 ) was met with an offer of " emergency sympathy money " to the value of JPY 500,000 ( USD 1,390 ) and a promise to consult with the company 's head office in Tokyo .
He served under the leadership of Stephen Lewis and Michael Cassidy .
According to author Donald Rayfield , blockquoteStalin , Nikolai Yezhov and Lavrentiy Beria distrusted Soviet participants in the Spanish war .
In 1713 British general election he was elected MP for Orkney and Shetland .ref name = HOP He surrendered his seat in 1730 when he succeeded his elder brother in the earldom and was elected a Scottish Representative Peer , which he remained until his death .
He served as the Minister of State for Minority Affairs when Najma Heptulla was the cabinet minister .
Parliamentary elections were held in Greece on Sunday , 18 October 1981 .
František Mareš ( October 20 , 1857 - February 6 , 1942 ) was a Czechoslovakia professor of physiology and philosophy , and nationalist politician .
The SNP gained an overall majority of seats in the 2011 Scottish Parliament election , and thus had enough numbers to vote in its leader , Alex Salmond , as First Minister for a second term .
In January 2006 , he took a one-day break from shooting " Doctor Who " to play Richard Hoggart in a dramatisation of the 1960 " Lady Chatterley 's Lover " obscenity trial , " The Chatterley Affair " .
Johnson was educated at Loyalist College and the " Labour College of Canada " , receiving an Instructor 's Certificate from the latter institution .
On June 2 Liu Xiaobo , Zhou Duo , and Gao Xin joined Hou Dejian in Tiananmen Square to announce their hunger strike in support of the student movement.Zhang Liang , " The Tiananmen Papers " .
Many PLA soldiers in Egypt and Jordan later became the core of the Palestinian National Authority ' s ( PNA ) National Guard , after the signing of the 1993 Oslo Accords , when they were allowed to enter the Palestinian Territories to take up positions in the PNA security services .
During the march , Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım and President Erdoğan compared the march to the July 2016 coup attempt , and accused the participants and Kılıçdaroğlu of supporting the Fethullah Gülen Hizmet movement organization that the government says was behind the coup attempt .
Macdonald was born in Scotland ; when he was a boy his family immigrated to Kingston in the Province of Upper Canada ( today in eastern Ontario ) .
In 2005 Winnie Ewing 's son Fergus Ewing , by then an MSP , requested a meeting with Elish Angiolini , Solicitor General for Scotland , to discuss allegations that have persisted that MacRae was under surveillance at the time of his death .
In January 1851 , Father Kobès who had previously visited Gabon decided to stop in Joal .
He actively campaigned for the Bush presidential campaign in the United States 2000 United States presidential election .
In 1988 , they supported Carolyna Marks in the creation of the Unique Berkeley Peace Wall , as well as similar walls in Oakland , Moscow , Hiroshima , and Israel ( a joint Jewish and Palestinian children 's Peace Wall ) .
The election of a regional chair was also scheduled , but was cancelled by the provincial government led by Premier Doug Ford on Friday July 27 , 2018 , the registration deadline for candidates .
The Axis powers allied with Germany included Fascist Italy and the Empire of Japan .
The extreme pro-slavery " Fire-Eater " William Lowndes Yancey and the Alabama delegation first left the hall , followed by the delegates of Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina , Texas , three of the four delegates from Arkansas , and one of the three delegates from Delaware .
She later obtained her master 's degree in Health Science Management at the University of Sydney , Australia .
When a Second Hellenic Republic was proclaimed on 25 March 1924 , he was officially deposed and stripped of his Greek nationality , and his property was confiscated.Van der Kiste , p .
It was involved in a mining accident that occurred on November 21 , 2009 near Hegang in Heilongjiang province , northeastern China .
He is best known for his work as a columnist for " Time " magazine and his novel " Primary Colors " , an anonymously written roman à clef portraying Bill Clinton ' s 1992 presidential campaign .
The Hanlin Academy was an institution created during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong of Tang ( r .
New boundaries , created by the House of Commons ( Redistribution of Seats ) Act 1949 , were used for the 1950 United Kingdom general election , and the Monmouth constituency was defined as consisting of the municipal boroughs of Abergavenny and Monmouth , the urban districts of Caerleon , Chepstow , Cwmbran and Usk , and the rural districts of Abergavenny , Chepstow , Magor and St Mellons , Monmouth , and Pontypool .
Members of ACT UP brought their brand of theatrical and photogenic direct action to the march , and were featured prominently in the media of the event .
The Communist Party of the Soviet Union came to power in the October Revolution of November 1917 through simultaneous election in the most prominent soviets and an organized uprising supported by military mutiny .
The day after Baucus made his proposal , President Barack Obama referred to the plan during a speech at the University of Maryland .
Even during the Cold War arms race of the 1980s , the " Defence budget " was accorded a relatively low priority in Japan .
Grossman and McMurtry were considered to be Red Tories who would continue in the tradition of moderate government maintained by Davis and his predecessor as leader and premier , John Robarts .
The formation of the Tamil United Liberation Front ( TULF ) with the Vaddukkodei ( Vattukottai ) resolution of 1976 led to a hardening of attitudes .
Anatols Dinbergs , the last head of the diplomatic service in exile , was promoted to the rank of Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations ( September - December 1991 ) as well as Ambassador to the USA ( 1991-1992 ) .
Becoming the largest party in the Seimas , it formed a coalition government with the Liberal Movement , Liberal and Centre Union , and National Resurrection Party .
In November 1915 , William Joseph Simmons revived the Klan in Atlanta , Georgia , holding a cross burning at Stone Mountain .
Ogbaru ( Official name ) Native names ( Ogbahu / Ogbesi ) is a Local Government Area in Anambra State , south-central Nigeria , an Igbo land subgroup .
Senate Judiciary Committee Chair Chuck Grassley ( R- IA ) sought expedited consideration of the bill , although its chances of reaching a vote of the full Senate were considered slim due to opposition by the Republican leadership , even if the bill was passed by the committee .
Janet Nguyen 's main opponent , Garden Grove Unified School District Trustee Trung Nguyen , had the support of State Assemblyman Van Tran .
Taking advantage of the Byzantine civil war of 1341-1347 by alternately supporting both sides of the conflict , the Serbian king Stefan Dušan expanded his state southwards , conquering Albania and most of Macedonia by 1345 , with the exception of the great fortress cities of Serres and Thessalonica .
In Conservative politics , Bemrose became prospective parliamentary candidate for Derby in 1938 and there fought the General Election of 1945 .
He also competed for Venezuela at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , Soviet Union , where the team was eliminated after the preliminary round .
The Islamic State remained the internationally recognized representative of Afghanistan at the United Nations until 2001 , when the Transitional Islamic State of Afghanistan was created and an Afghan Interim Administration took control of Afghanistan with U.S. and NATO assistance , following the overthrow of the Taliban government .
Executive producer Christine Langan said of the plot , " The film 's time frame goes from 1994 , when New Labour was taking lessons from Clinton 's people , to 1998 and the end of Kosovo .
In the early 1920s , Wittfogel wrote a number of communist , but also somewhat expressionistic , plays : " The Cripple , " performed with other short plays on October 14 , 1920 at Erwin Piscator Berlin Proletarian Theatre , Piscator himself played the Cripple at the opening .
In 333 BC , Agis went with a single trireme to the Achaemenid Empire commanders in the Aegean , Pharnabazus and Autophradates , to request money and armaments for carrying on hostile operations against Alexander the Great in Greece .
The 1998 Worcester City Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Worcester District Council in Worcestershire , England .
In 2008 , Liberal Party of Canada MP Keith Martin proposed a private member 's motion ( M-446 ) urging Parliament to repeal section 13 .
Voting was on the basis of universal suffrage , which comprised all nationals over eighteen , registered in the provinces of Barcelona , Gerona , Lérida and Tarragona and in full enjoyment of their civil and political rights .
He subsequently helped to create the new Liberal Party of Australia , and was elected its inaugural leader in August 1945 .
Albrecht Theodor Emil Graf von Roon23 February 1879 ) was a Prussia n soldier and statesman .
Bunche resigned from his position at the UN due to ill health , but this was not announced , as Secretary-General U Thant hoped he would be able to return soon .
This archive is the world 's largest public collection of haiku and related materials outside Japan .
By demobilizing , he essentially decided to give up Lan Na which had been under Burmese rule since Bayinnaung ' s time .
It is a member of a four-party coalition , the Solomon Islands Alliance for Change , which includes the National Party , Solomon Islands Liberal Party , and the Solomon Islands Party for Rural Advancement , and groups of independents from Honiara , Malaita and Guadalcanal .
The right to vote was exercised by all inhabitants paying scot and lot , a relatively wide franchise for the period , and almost 2,000 votes were cast at the 1826 United Kingdom general election .
The elections coincided with the 2018 Nevada gubernatorial election , as well as 2018 United States House of Representatives elections to the United States House of Representatives , 2018 United States Senate elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections .
Lesser figures participated as Christian Identity theology took shape in the 1940s and 1950s , such as San Jacinto Capt , a Baptist minister and California Klansman ( who claimed that he had introduced Wesley Swift to Christian Identity ) ; and Bertrand Comparet ( 1901-1983 ) , a one-time San Diego Deputy City Attorney ( and a lawyer for Gerald L. K. Smith ) .
Cuperlo stood for election to the Chamber of Deputies ( lower house ) of the Italian parliament in the elections of 2006 Italian general election and 2008 Italian general election , and was elected both times .
Indonesian law affecting Chinese-Indonesians were conducted through a series of laws , directives , or constitutions enacted by the Government of Indonesia that affected the lives of Chinese Indonesians or China nationals living in Indonesia since the nation 's independence .
From 1995 to 1998 she collaborated with German hit-maker Jack White and released three Top-10 albums as well as the German version of the " Titanic " song " My Heart Will Go On .
Its Catalan counterpart Convergence and Union ( CiU ) , however , made significant gains in the Socialist stronghold of Catalonia , dramatically closing the gap with the PSC to just 9 points from a 23-point lead in 1982 .
Presidential elections were held in Madagascar on 3 November 1996 , with a second round on 29 December 1996 .
He is officially appointed by the Sultan , Selangor 's head of state , on the basis of the latter 's judgement that the former commands the confidence of the majority of the State Assemblymen in the Selangor State Legislative Assembly .
The conference was chaired by the Kenyan Foreign Affairs Minister Amina Mohamed .
In Nicosia - Kyrenia , there were five non-Muslim candidates ; incumbent MLCs Efstathios Constantinides and Paschalis Constantinides , Achillea Liasides ( a lawyer who worked with Paschalis Constantinides ) , Kyrillos II of Cyprus ( a priest ) and Nikolaos Rossos ( who had also run in Larnaca-Famagusta ) .
On March 1 , 1950 , Chiang Kai-shek resumed his presidency in the former office of the Taiwan under Japanese rule Government-General of Taiwan in Taipei .
Seneca the Younger ) , was a Ancient Rome Stoic philosopher , statesman , dramatist , and - in one work - satirist from the Silver Age of Latin literature .
The UAE is a federal absolute monarchy of the six ruling families of the United Arab Emirates with Emir of each Emirate being an absolute monarch and the Emir of Abu Dhabi being also the President of the UAE .
The Philippines Institute for Development Studies ( PIDS ) is a government-owned and controlled corporation of the Philippine National Government .
Ithaka Darin Pappas , who had been an early photographer of U.S. west coast hip hop artists such as Eazy E , N.W.A. , Ice Cube , Low Profile , etc. for Priority Records and Quality Records , had moved to Lisbon , Portugal in 1992 .
The name " Fancy Bear " is derived from the coding system that Dmitri Alperovitch uses for hacker groups .
He studied pedagogy in the Juhász Gyula Teacher Training College ( today part of the University of Szeged ) between 1975 and 1979 .
Bose placed the islands under the governorship of Lt Col. A. D. Loganathan , and had limited involvement with the administration of the territory .
Attercliffe , a district of north east Sheffield , was a heavy industry , working class area .
He was a major contributor to the first president of the Commonwealth of Catalonia , Enric Prat de la Riba , and after his death , he continued to occupy positions of great responsibility chaired by Josep Puig i Cadafalch .
The exposition also led to the creation of other movements that supported the ideal , such as " Alianza pro Libre Asociación Soberana " ( ALAS ) and " Movimiento Unión Soberanista " ( MUS ) .
She spent a year studying at the Sciences Po in Paris , France , and in 1990 , she took a job as the Director of Public Relations for Konrad-Adenauer-Haus ( the German national headquarters for the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ) in Bonn , Germany .
From 12 May 2009 till 14 May 2009 and again on 15 May 2009 faction members of the oppositional Party of Regions blocked the Ukrainian parliament ' s rostrum and presidium demanding the resignation of Lutsenko .
The Foundation is focusing its activities on training and education , technical assistance to state and local authorities , transboundary regional development , promotion of new immigration policies for Bulgaria , and Antarctic research including the organization and management of the scientific Antarctic expedition Tangra 2004 / 05 and the establishment of Camp Academia on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , and published Antarctic topographic maps , donating free copies to all Bulgarian school s .
The movie starred country singer Gary Morris ; actors John Beck and Wilford Brimley , as well as hobo music artist Boxcar Willie , also appeared in it .
The National Liberation Front - Bahrain ( جبهة التحرير الوطني - البحرين ) is a clandestine Marxist-Leninist party in Bahrain .
The United States spared the palace during its shock and awe raid during the 2003 invasion of Iraq , in the belief that it might hold valuable documents .
The Indonesian Political Federation ( Indonesian : " Gabungan Politik Indonesia " , " GAPI " ) , was created in 1939 in the former Dutch East Indies , and consisted of native Indonesian political parties ( except the Indonesian National Party ) .
In 1991 , CEI established the Warren T. Brookes Journalism Fellowship to identify and train journalists who wish to improve their knowledge of environmental issues and free market economics .
In 2001 , they became the first popular Western rock band to play in Cuba ( at the Karl Marx Theater ) , and met with president Fidel Castro .
Inspired in part by minister Elias Hicks , she and other Quakers refused to use cotton cloth , cane sugar , and other slavery-produced goods .
His first book , " The Ambition and the Power : A true story of Washington " , appeared in 1989 and explored the operation of the U.S. Congress , the use of power by Speaker of the House Jim Wright , and the rise of future Speaker Newt Gingrich .
In the autumn of 1938 , he joined the China Defense League , which had been established by Soong Ching-ling , Sun Yat-sen ' s widow , for the purpose of publicizing and enlisting international support for the Chinese cause .
In the 2012 presidential election , Republican Mitt Romney received 1,479 votes ( 58.3 % vs. 59.4 % countywide ) , ahead of Democrat Barack Obama with 989 votes ( 39.0 % vs. 38.2 % ) and other candidates with 55 votes ( 2.2 % vs. 2.1 % ) , among the 2,535 ballots cast by the township 's 3,676 registered voters , for a turnout of 69.0 % ( vs. 68.3 % in Sussex County ) .
In 1949 , as part of the integration of India , Kingdom of Travancore merged with Kingdom of Cochin , another princely state , to form Travancore-Cochin .
Fonrouge was born in Lomas de Zamora , a suburb south of Buenos Aires , to Dolores Seguí and Alberto Marcelo Fonrouge ; the latter served as Mayor of Lomas de Zamora , and died in 1929 .
He had generally been seen as sympathetic to Labor thereafter , and was re-elected in 1943 against Gullett 's son , Jo Gullett .
Further contributions to the Lifeguard Service were made by Sam Leone who founded the first ever Junior Lifeguard program which was adopted by the United States Lifesaving Association .
Responses to the Great Depression of the 1930s differed greatly between Sweden and the United Kingdom , which had similar problems in terms of severity and duration .
This dispute was later called the " " Songo " incident " ( the " respectful title incident " ) , and was resolved when the Tokugawa shogunate gave his father the honorary title of " Retired Emperor .
This ruined palace , called Tritse Marpo , was originally built around 636 AD by the founder of the Tibetan Empire , Songtsen Gampo for his Nepalese wife.Shakabpa 1984 , pp. 112-113 .
Florida is known to be a moderate-to-conservative state , with more liberals residing in South Florida , and moderates and conservatives dominating both the northern and central regions of Florida , as well as a strong Republican base in Cuban-American portions of Miami .
He had help from Henry Shelton Sanford who helped employ Henry Morton Stanley nowiki / , who became an important asset to Leopold 's plan .
After the rise of Hitler , he went to Mandatory Palestine , where he worked at a bank in Tel Aviv until 1941 .
Karl Friedrich Erich Haupt ( 8 July 1841 - 19 February 1910 ) was a Germany Lutheran theologian .
A number of important politicians failed to win seats in the first round and faced the second round : Keïta , Mariko , National Congress for Democratic Initiative President Mountaga Tall in Ségou , and ADEMA President Dioncounda Traoré in Nara .
Elections in Karnataka , a state in India are conducted in accordance with the Constitution of India .
Z. G. Muhammad is a writer born in Nowhatta , Srinagar , Kashmir , India .
The Apostolic Nunciature to Jamaica is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Jamaica .
In 1980-1984 , he worked as the second secretary of the Soviet Embassy in Syria and in 1984-1988 in the Department of Middle Eastern Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Uzbek SSR .
After the war , a fictitious plot against Kim Il-sung was " uncovered " in a show trial .
Three children survived Shelley : Ianthe and Charles , his daughter and son by Harriet ; and Percy Florence Shelley , his son by Mary .
After the assaults on Petersburg the previous week failed to capture the city , Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant reluctantly decided on a siege of Petersburg , defended by Gen. Robert E. Lee ' s Army of Northern Virginia .
Also held at that prison was Jefferson Davis , their friend and former president of the Confederacy .
Hersh reported names of former U.S. officials paid to speak in support of MEK , including former CIA directors James Woolsey and Porter Goss ; New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani ; former Vermont Governor Howard Dean ; former Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation Louis Freeh and former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton .
Kopplin 's campaign has been endorsed by 78 Nobel laureates , the New Orleans City Council , and more than a dozen scientific and educational associations .
The novel starts in 1979 , with an abrupt end to an expedition sent by Earth Resource Technology Services Inc. in the dense rainforests of the Virunga region , in the heart of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , when the team is suddenly attacked and killed by unknown creatures - soon , all contact with them is lost .
From September 1922 on , the paper bore the title " Krsta Cicvarić 's Belgrade Daily " ( Beogradski dnevnik Krste Cicvarića ) .ref name = " vreme " / His main target were the Radicals , as well as Nikola Pašić and Stojan Protić as heads of the party .
In addition to the usual attacks and praise associated with the name of Julius Caesar , here Canfora also mentions the great devastation said to be caused by the conquest of Gaul under the command of Caesar , including enormous loss of life and enslavement of populations , as reported by Pliny the Elder ( 23-79 ) in his " Naturalis Historia " VII : 91-99 , and also found in other ancient authors .
In 1925 , Brecht also saw two films that had a significant influence on him : Charlie Chaplin ' s " The Gold Rush " and Sergei Eisenstein ' s " Battleship Potemkin " .Willett and Manheim ( 1979 , xxxiii ) .
As the Catholic Church in Hungary urged the merger of Christian parties on a permanent basis , majority of KNP merged with the majority of the Christian Social and Economic Party ( KSZGP ) to form the Christian National Union Party ( KNEP ) on 25 October 1919 .
This election saw voter turnout of 61.04 % compared to 59.40 % in the 2012 Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly election election .
Mayor George Harry Webster had previously been elected to a two-year term in the 1923 election .
The Union troops were opposed by Brig. Gen. Edward C. Walthall ' s brigade of Maj. Gen. Benjamin F. Cheatham ' s division ( temporarily under the command of Brig. Gen. John K. Jackson ) .
Student pre-conferences to the annual Pugwash Conferences began at the 1997 Pugwash Conference held in Norway .
The Bucktail State legislators held a caucus for U.S. Senator and nominated Chancellor Nathan Sanford .
Following the outbreak of World War I on 28 July 1914 , tensions rose in the European colonies of eastern Africa , particularly in the border regions of German East Africa ( modern-day Tanzania ) .
The Christian Social Party ( , CS ) was a major conservative political party in the Cisleithania n crown lands of Austria-Hungary and in the First Republic of Austria , from 1891 to 1934 .
In July 1939 they called for a more broadly based government to be formed which included Winston Churchill .
Pan Yue , Deputy Director of the PRC 's State Environmental Protection Administration , has acknowledged the influence of eco-socialist theory on his championing of environmentalism within China , which has gained him international acclaim ( including being nominated for the Person of the Year Award 2006 by " The New Statesman " , a British current affairs magazine ) .
The post was Cabinet Secretary for Commonwealth Games , Sport , Equalities and Pensioners ' Rights with Shona Robison at the helm .
Gibraltar , a British Overseas Territory , located at the southern tip of the Iberian Peninsula , is the subject of an irredentist territorial claim by Spain .
On 14 August 2013 , when in the aftermath of the military coup against Mohamed Morsi , security forces carried out a violent crackdown on sit-ins by supporters of the deposed president , in which hundreds of protesters were killed ,
In 1812 he went on diplomatic mission to Kingdom of Prussia ; this mission had the purpose of ascertaining King Frederick William III towards his attitude in case First French Empire went to war with Russian Empire .
The militia was involved in a number of violent confrontations with the political opposition , such as quelling the large transport strike of 1919-1920 ( organized by Bulgarian Communist Party , Anarchists and Socialists )
In what was to be a straight fight between the two main parties , Labour chose Norman Pentland , a colliery checkweighman from Fatfield , County Durham as their candidate and the Conservatives selected the journalist William Rees-Mogg .The Times , 13 September 1956 , p6
New Democratic Party MP Murray Rankin , a legal scholar , said at the time :
The armory was used by President Kennedy for an address to the Florida Chamber of Commerce in 1963 , four days before his assassination in Dallas .
Susanne Hirzel , daughter of Ulm pastor Ernst Hirzel and granddaughter of the geographer Robert Gradmann , was initially an enthusiastic member of the League of German Girls ( where Sophie Scholl was her group leader ) , but distanced herself increasingly from those in power. at spartacus-educational.com , accessed 25 May 2018
The Slovene People 's Party was founded under the name Catholic National Party ( " Katoliška narodna stranka " ) in 1892 in Ljubljana with the aim of working in the Carniola region .
The most famous and successful Indian force to fight with the Axis was the Indian National Army ( INA ) in southeast Asia , that came into being with the support of the Empire of Japan in April 1942 .
Banmankhi is a town in Purnia district of Bihar state , India .
Also , if the Germans then decided to continue the fight in Italy , they would have to redeploy some of their troops engaged on the Eastern Front or on German military administration in occupied France during World War II .Blumenson , p.26
" Encounter " provided a prime forum for celebrity academics from the faculties of Oxford , Cambridge , and University of London - Isaiah Berlin , Hugh Trevor-Roper , and A. J. P. Taylor among them - who discussed European history and the great thinkers helping to shape it .
In the run-up of the 2009 European Parliament election in Italy , the PdCI formed along with the PRC and minor groups the Anticapitalist and Communist List .
California Governor Jerry Brown appointed him to the Municipal Court in 1979 and to the Los Angeles County Superior Court in 1980 .
She is the third woman to hold the post of foreign minister , following Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović and Vesna Pusić .
In 2001 , President George W. Bush awarded him a White House Fellowship to work for Attorney General John Ashcroft .
He finished the Liceum Warszawskie school in Warsaw .
In 1979 United Kingdom general election , however , Ward lost the seat to the Conservative Brian Mawhinney , who would represent Peterborough for the entire duration of the incoming Conservative government and was a Cabinet Minister and Conservative Party Chairman during the second Major government ( 1992-97 ) .
Signed the Lateran Treaty with Italy ( 1929 ) establishing Vatican City as a sovereign state .
The Wasit governorate election of 2013 was held on 20 April 2013 2013 Iraqi governorate elections for all other governorates outside Iraqi Kurdistan , Kirkuk , Anbar , and Nineveh .
In June 2019 , the League of Social Democrats ( LSD ) displayed a banner denouncing the extradition bill .
Liu Bei fled to the imperial capital , Xuchang ( 許昌 ; in present-day Henan ) , where he took shelter under Cao Cao , the warlord who had been controlling the Han central government since he had brought the figurehead Emperor Xian of Han to Xuchang in 196 .
The National Republican Greek League was founded on 9 September 1941 by a former army officer , Colonel Napoleon Zervas , a centrist who had been expelled from the army after the failed pro-Venizelist coup d 'état of 1935 , and two of his friends , Leonidas Spais and Ilias Stamatopoulos .
The Grand Komnenoi of the Empire of Trebizond were famed for marrying their daughters to their neighbours as acts of diplomacy .
" Britain declared war on the German Empire on 4 August 1914 and the first run of the full-page advert ran the next day in those newspapers owned by Lord Northcliffe .
9 April 1918 - Sailed from the Liverpool to New York City on board the SS Carpathia .
He accompanied his regiment when it was sent to Portugal to reinforce Lord Wellesley after the battle of Talavera .
Labour leader Helen Clark had improved her public image , while Shipley had difficulty connecting with the public .
Duterte 's running mate , vice-presidential candidate Alan Peter Cayetano accused President Benigno Aquino III and two other rivals such as Mar Roxas and Grace Poe and ABS-CBN of making the ad .
In addition , Euler was asked to tutor Friederike Charlotte of Brandenburg-Schwedt , the Princess of Anhalt-Dessau and Frederick 's niece .
When the Social Democratic Party of Canada broke away from the Socialist Party of Canada in 1911 , many Winnipeg SPC members joined the new organization .
In the meantime , Liu Bei had also conquered the four commanderies of Wuling ( 武陵 ; around present-day Changde , Hunan ) , Changsha ( 長沙 ) , Guiyang ( 桂陽 ; around present-day Chenzhou , Hunan ) and Lingling ( 零陵 ; around present-day Yongzhou , Hunan ) so he effectively controlled all the territories in southern Jing Province by 211 .
Georgia House Bill 87 ( official title : Illegal Immigration Reform and Enforcement Act of 2011 ; abbreviated HB 87 ) is an anti- illegal immigration act passed by the Georgia General Assembly on April 14 , 2011 , and signed into law by Georgia governor Nathan Deal on May 13 , 2011 .
Maine once again displayed it status as a blue state , with Democrat Barack Obama taking the state with 57.71 % of the vote and a difference of 126,650 votes .
This saw both the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats enter government together , with Conservative leader David Cameron as Prime Minister and Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg as Deputy Prime Minister .
His campaign has been endorsed by many top public servants , including Republican state senator J. Alex Villalobos , former United States Attorney General Janet Reno , former Florida Education Secretary Betty Castor , former Congressman Jim Davis , Congresswoman and DNC Vice Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio , as well as the Florida Police Benevolent Association , the state 's largest law enforcement organization .
" Last Stand at Saber River " is a 1997 American made-for-television western drama film directed by Dick Lowry and starring Tom Selleck , Suzy Amis , Haley Joel Osment , Keith Carradine , David Carradine , Tracey Needham , David Dukes and .
In 1994 , he was campaign manager for Tony Bouza , the former Minneapolis chief of police who unsuccessfully sought the DFL nomination for Governor of Minnesota .
The Coalition won a landslide victory at the 1975 Australian federal election , and was re-elected 1977 Australian federal election and 1980 Australian federal election .
He studied Political Science at Ahmadu Bello University , Zaria .
Jenkins was director of environment , economics and planning for Kinhill Engineers , Adelaide , from 1989 to 1994 , undertaking projects involving the Steel Authority of India , the Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation , water and wastewater treatment plants in China , and the third runway at Sydney Airport .
187 ; Ioanid , pp. 198-199 , 293 ; Michael Mann , " The Dark Side of Democracy .
One of the parliamentary seats won unopposed by BN was in P.182 Pensiangan ( Sabah ) , which was won by Joseph Kurup of Parti Bersatu Rakyat Sabah ( PBRS ) .
Shortly before the 1951 United Kingdom general election , Maxwell Fyfe caused a stir when he appeared to hint in a radio interview that a Conservative government might legislate to curb the power of trade union s .
A referendum on the repayment of loan guarantees by Iceland to the governments of the United Kingdom and the Netherlands over the failure of the Icesave bank was held in Iceland on 9 April 2011 .
It has also been reported from a single locality in Guinea .
He later criticized a proposal made by the federal Liberal Party of Canada government of Jean Chrétien in 1994 , in which the number of immigrants allowed into Canada would be reduced on an annual basis .
In 1999 , with Angie Cepeda , he starred in the film Pantaleon Alvarez and the Visitors of Francisco José Lombardi , based on the homonymous novel by Mario Vargas Llosa ; the film was a success between the public and the critics .
Before that he had served as a Justice of the Territorial Supreme Court for Michigan Territory , was appointed by Thomas Jefferson as Secretary of the Louisiana Territory and started to build his political base in St. Louis .
He was a special correspondent for " The Insider " for the 2005 Emmy Award s , and on the sets of the sitcom " Reba " with Reba McEntire and " Dancing With the Stars " .
When Shi Xie , the Administrator of Jiaozhi Commandery , died in 226 , Sun Quan commissioned Shi Xie 's third son , Shi Hui ( 士徽 ) , as a general and appointed him as the Administrator of Jiuzhen Commandery ( 九真郡 ; around present-day Thanh Hóa , Vietnam ) .
Other top staffers included McCain 's former chief of staff Mark Salter and long-time political strategist Charlie Black who worked for Reagan , both Bushes and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham .
Incumbent United States President Donald Trump was challenged by five candidates : businessman and perennial candidate Rocky De La Fuente of California , entrepreneur and investor Bob Ely of Massachusetts , entrepreneur and attorney Matthew Matern of Louisiana , former congressman Joe Walsh of Illinois , and former governor Bill Weld of Massachusetts .
In 1907 , the Kenpeitai was ordered to Korea Order in Privy Council of 1907 ( 40th Year of " Meiji " ) , No. 323. where its main duty was legally defined as " preserving the peace , " although it also functioned as a military police for the Japanese army stationed there .
The election was held simultaneously with 2011 Spanish regional elections in thirteen autonomous communities and 2011 Spanish local elections all throughout Spain .
By 1536 , King Henry VIII of England had broken with the Holy See , seized assets of the Catholic Church in England and Wales and declared the Church of England as the established church with himself as its Supreme Head .
The Burkinabé uprising was a series of demonstrations and riot s in Burkina Faso in October 2014 that quickly spread to multiple cities .
Born at the Palace of Portici on 24 November 1745 , she would die at the Imperial Palace of the Hofburg in Vienna , 15 May 1792 aged 46 .
She progressed further in her academic studies by receiving a teaching certificate in 1941 , a Master of Arts in education in 1950 from the University of St Andrews , and finally a doctorate in educational psychology from the University of London in 1957 .
Schuyler Colfax received a majority of the votes cast and was re-elected speaker .
He is a member of the Crimes Against Humanity Initiative Advisory Council , a project of the Whitney R. Harris World Law Institute at Washington University School of Law in St. Louis to establish the world 's first treaty on the prevention and punishment of crimes against humanity .
In April 1812 , as the War of 1812 became more imminent , Hardin wrote to Isaac Shelby , Kentucky 's first governor and a hero of the Revolutionary War , asking him to consent to being a candidate in the upcoming gubernatorial election .
After World War II he co-founded the Liberal Democratic Party of Germany ( LDPD ) in the Soviet Occupied Zone ( SBZ ) .
In foreign policy they were internationalists , throwing their support to Dwight D. Eisenhower over the conservative leader Robert A. Taft in 1952 .
The leaders of GAM , Hasan di Tiro , and his chief deputy , Zaini Abdullah , and Malik Mahmud lived in exile in Stockholm , Sweden for most of the 1980s and 1990s .
In 1997 United Kingdom general election Adams regained the seat and held it in 2001 United Kingdom general election , 2005 United Kingdom general election and 2010 United Kingdom general election .
Civil Rights leaders often proposed passive , non-violent tactics while the Black Power movement felt that , in the words of Stokely Carmichael and Charles V. Hamilton , " a ' non-violent ' approach to civil rights is an approach black people cannot afford and a luxury white people do not deserve .
He moved to Newcastle upon Tyne as a youngster , as his older brother Lomana LuaLua was signed by Newcastle United .
The Assembly of Ceuta was the top-tier administrative and governing body of the autonomous city of Ceuta .
The accords created the Islamic State of Afghanistan and appointed an interim government for a transitional period to be followed by general elections .
The concession , known as Klein-Venedig ( " little Venice " ) , was revoked in 1546 .
The office came into existence by the Norwegian Constitution , of 4 November 1814 where the paragraphs 12 , 13 and 15 stipulated that a governor-general of Sweden or Norway nationality could be appointed .
He lived for 25 years in Berlin , where he wrote over 380 articles .
The Workers ' Party had its best performance at the polls in 1989 when it won seven seats in the 1989 Irish general election and party president Proinsias De Rossa won a seat in Dublin in the 1989 European Parliament election in Ireland held on the same day , sitting with the communist Left Unity group .
This board includes the following individuals : Umar Faruq Abd-Allah , Osman Bakar , John Esposito , Hamza Yusuf , Jeremy Henzell-Thomas , Anwar Ibrahim , Enes Karic , Nuh Keller , Joseph Lumbard , Ingrid Mattson , Daniel Abdal-Hayy Moore , Abdal Hakim Murad , Sulayman Nyang , S. Abdallah Schleifer , Zaid Shakir
In 1989 , Sethi along with his wife Jugnu Mohsin launched an independent English weekly , " The Friday Times " .
In " Bobby : The Making of an American Epic " , screenwriter / director Emilio Estevez discusses the problems he had developing his script .
On October 15 , 2015 , Senator Miriam Defensor Santiago confirmed Senator Bongbong Marcos as her running mate .
However , Huntington states that the result was , as stated by 1985 Secretary of Education William Bennett , that the program became :
His deputies were Ingrid Fischbach and Annette Widmann-Mauz .
However , later that year Bhutan was forced to sign the Treaty of Sinchula , 1865 .
It also began a streak that , as of the 2016 United States presidential election in Illinois , continues , in which the state has voted for the Democratic ticket in seven consecutive presidential elections .
The Glassboro Summit Conference between U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson and Soviet Premier Alexei Kosygin took place in Glassboro .
Yaroslav is Great Prince of the Kievan Rus ' , married to the Sweden princess Ingigerda .
E. M. S. Namboodiripad , a prominent Communist Party leader , once remarked that Rajagopalachari was the Congress leader he respected the most despite the fact he was also someone with whom he had the most differences .
After another dinner mourning the death of Kim 's bodyguards , Skylark witnesses Kim 's malicious side as he threatens war against South Korea and everyone who try to undermine his leadership .
Such claims were rejected by Brig-General Khin Yi , Chief of Myanmar Police Force ( MPF ) .
He gained more honour and respect when he resigned from the Supreme Court of Pakistan instead of taking oath of office according to General Pervez Musharraf ' s Provisional Constitutional Order ( PCO ) .
Box wrote to Charles Duncan of the Workers ' Union , asking for its support ; the union sent Robert Morley to tour the county , speaking in support of union membership , and when this proved successful , it appointed Box as its full-time county organiser , and he merged the agricultural union into the Workers ' Union .
Kennedy was backed by Senator Terry Mercer , former national director of the federal Liberal Party .
Homosexual acts between men were illegal until the passing of the Sexual Offences Act 1967 in England and Wales , the Criminal Justice Act 1980 in Scotland , and the Homosexual Offences Order 1982 in Northern Ireland .
Some of the actors who were cast in the episodes included : Claude Akins , Leon Askin , Jean Byron , Chuck Connors , Peter Graves , Tod Griffin , John Howard , Vivi Janiss ( as Mary Todd Lincoln in " How Chance Made Lincoln President " ) , Lee Marvin , Francis McDonald , Martin Milner , Jerry Paris , Gene Raymond , Max Showalter , and Michael Winkelman .
On May 13 , 1966 , President Lyndon B. Johnson abolished the Office of Alien Property Custodian by Executive Order 11281 , effective June 30 of that year .
The social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party , led by Donald C. MacDonald , increased its caucus in the legislature from 7 members to 20 .
The album includes a total of 40 tracks , including tracks like a remix of the popular Armenian hit Mi Gna featuring Armenian American DJ Super Sako and Spitakci Hayko , " Corazón " featuring American rapper Lil Wayne , " Loup Garou " featuring French rapper Sofiane , and La même featuring French singer Vianney .
He simultaneously served as chairman of the New York State Democratic Committee , chairman of the Democratic National Committee , and Postmaster General under the first two administrations of President Franklin Roosevelt .
His son , Y. S. Jaganmohan Reddy , then broke from the INC and founded the YSR Congress Party , taking several politicians with him .
In 1814 , Pratt built a general store in Prattsville where he would barter with residents for goods , and would make periodic trips to New York City to trade the goods .
The party was instantly accepted into a new coalition government , headed by Pierre Prüm of the small populist Independent National Party .
The organization was founded in the United States in 1924 and soon spread to Canada .
Among the figures Yiannopoulos contacted were Curtis Yarvin , a central figure of the neoreactionary movement ; Devin Saucier , the editor of the white supremacist magazine " American Renaissance " ; Andrew Auernheimer , the administrator of neo-Nazi website " The Daily Stormer " ; and Baked Alaska , a commentator known for his anti-Semitic and pro-Nazi tweets .
After the election , Springborg resigned as Opposition Leader , being replaced by Jeff Seeney .
The common perception is that the far right includes people who were either involved with the Independent State of Croatia ( NDH ) during World War II ; sympathizers ; and people who utilise their symbol ism .
During the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927 , he appointed his son , William Alexander Percy , to direct the work of thousands of black laborers on the levees near Greenville .
U.S. Figure Skating , at the initiative of Broadmoor Skating Club , named the Garrett Swasey Memorial Trophy for the juvenile dance competition champions at the Midwestern Sectional Figure Skating Championships .
Warren won the endorsement with 60.91 % of the vote , compared with 35.82 % for runner-up Bernie Sanders .
In January 2019 , Ecuadorean president Lenín Moreno said that nearly half of $ 4.9 billion in oil infrastructure investment made during the administration of previous president Correa was stolen via corruption .
In the general election , Asato came second to Chloe Smith in Norwich North , having increased the Labour vote by 2 % ( Smith increased the Tory vote by more than 3 % ) .
The YPSL declared itself an independent organization in the fall of 1919 , sympathetic to the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party which had been expelled or left the party .
During the later years of Napoleon 's reign he travelled to England and Germany , but in 1814 he returned to France .
Some of the iron mined there and used in the plating on the Confederate ironclad is displayed at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard in Portsmouth .
The proposed freight rail line to Miami .
Charles James Fox , however , refused to serve under Shelburne , and demanded the appointment of William Cavendish-Bentinck , 3rd Duke of Portland .
After the violent deaths of Tiberius Gracchus in 133 BC and Gaius Gracchus in 121 BC , political violence in Rome continued to intensify , soon becoming the norm and not the exception .
In 2011 , the Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation granted $ 25,000 to the Heartland Institute , an American conservative and libertarian public policy think tank based in Chicago , a prominent supporter of global warming skeptics .
For example , the National Association of Biology Teachers in a statement endorsing evolution as noncontroversial quoted Theodosius Dobzhansky " nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution " and went on to state that the quote " accurately reflects the central , unifying role of evolution in biology .
Herut was founded by Menachem Begin on 15 June 1948 as a successor to the Revisionist Irgun , a militant paramilitary group in Mandatory Palestine .
Cyprus joined the EU in 2004 , and in the 2004 European parliament election , AKEL elected two members ( Adamos Adamou and Kyriacos Triantaphyllides ) .
Union troops under Brig. Gen. James G. Blunt had entered northwestern Arkansas , and Major General Thomas Hindman of the Confederate Army sent a force under John S. Marmaduke to Cane Hill to intercept Blunt .
On April 24 , 2005 , it was reported that he was in talks with the New York Republicans to run for Governor of New York in 2006 , against likely Democratic nominee Eliot Spitzer .
It began after Gomez claimed that he had submitted his minority-race candidate 's application form during a visit to the Elections Department with Workers ' Party Chairman Sylvia Lim on 24 April .
Dieter Nohlen , Florian Grotz & amp ; Christof Hartmann ( 2001 ) " Elections in Asia : A data handbook , Volume II " , p490 At the time , the country was a one-party state under the rule of the Mongolian People 's Revolutionary Party .
Abby ( Darby Stanchfield ) is now the White House Press Secretary , and is struggling with gaining the respect of Cyrus and Fitz , because they choose to demean her by calling her " Red " instead of Abby .
In July 2015 , " Politico " reported that Ted Cruz " likely has the Republican presidential field 's deepest relationship with the Breitbart machine .
Mullins became a researcher at the Library of Congress in 1950 and helped Senator Joseph McCarthy in making claims about Communist Party USA funding sources .
Via Dresden and Copenhagen he made his way to Christiania ( Oslo ) where he saw for the first time Henrik Ibsen ' s liberation drama " Peer Gynt " on stage .
In Greece , this disaster led to a political crisis , and military revolts broke out in September amongst the evacuated troops in Thessaloniki , Chios and Lesbos , headed primarily by Venizelist officers .
In the 2009 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom , Hopkins stood as a candidate for the South West England Constituency as an Independent candidate .
Japanese politician , who is the secretariat head and vice chair of the Japanese Communist Party , Akira Koike also said that " the Dowa problem has already been resolved basically by residents ' endeavor , continuing unfair dowa measures itself will create new prejudice " and criticizes the clamor and clarifies that such criticism is regarded as " discrimination " is a complete wrong after Suppression of free speech by Matsumoto .
Government Offices for the English Regions ( GOs ) were established in 1994 by the John Major administration .
The six figures were named as Lord Rothschild , John D. Rockefeller , J. P. Morgan , Aleister Crowley , Andrew Carnegie and Paul Warburg ; only two of which ( Rothschild and Warburg ) were Jewish .
After three years in the industry her grandparents took her to the Rock Church in San Diego , where " she raised her hand to receive Jesus as her personal Lord and Savior " after hearing a sermon from The Rev. Miles McPherson .
Frederick Kagan , scholar at the American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) along with General Jack Keane , U.S. Army ( retired ) introduced the idea for a troop surge in Iraq at a 14 December 2006 event at AEI and again at a 5 January 2007 event attended by Senators John McCain and Joseph Lieberman .
The Metropolitan Water Board was founded in 1903 to bring the nine private water companies supplying water to London under a single public body .
He is a younger brother of the former president Mahinda Rajapaksa and , Gotabaya Rajapaksa , who was a powerful defense secretary in the Mahinda Rajapaksa government and as of 2019 incumbent President of Sri Lanka .
Miles ' campaign attracted attention from local and statewide media for endorsements from more than 100 self-proclaimed Republicans , including three former Kent County Republican Party Chairs ; Heidi Ehlers Rienstra and Marla Ehlers , daughters of retiring Congressman Vern Ehlers ( R- MI3 ) ; Karen Henry Stokes , widow of Republican Congressman Paul B. Henry , as well as several former Michigan Republican state representatives.Spangler , Todd .
In the summer of 1957 , Khrushchev was at acute risk of losing power , as the Anti-Party Group composed of former Joseph Stalin allies Lazar Kaganovich , Georgy Malenkov , and Vyacheslav Molotov launched an attempt to replace Khrushchev as General Secretary of the Communist Party ( effectively the leader of the Soviet Union ) with Nikolai Bulganin , then the Premier of the Soviet Union .
In the 1990s , he drew up plans for an industrial park in Rafah , in the Gaza Strip .
Within a few weeks , O 'Duffy 's followers merged with Cumann na nGaedhael and the Centre Party to form " United Ireland " , or Fine Gael , and O 'Duffy became its leader .
In March 1989 , the mujahideen groups Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin and Islamic Dawah Organisation of Afghanistan in cooperation with the Pakistan i Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) attacked Jalalabad but they were defeated by June .
Garofalo had segments entitled " the disquisition " in several episodes of the 2007 season of " The Henry Rollins Show " which took place in her apartment , much in the same way Henry Rollins ' segments take place at his house .
Todd Blodgett has worked with notable American far-right figures such as Dr. William Luther Pierce , David Duke , Don Black , Dr. Ed Fields , Paul Hall , Jr .
The document was presented by the Joint Chiefs of Staff to Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara on 13 March 1962 as a preliminary submission for planning purposes .
He wrote a song entitled " The Ballad of Crowfoot " and directed a ten-minute National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) film of the same name in 1968 .
A by-election was held in the Dáil Éireann Donegal South-West constituency in Republic of Ireland on Thursday 25 November 2010 , following the election of Fianna Fáil TD Pat " the Cope " Gallagher to the European Parliament at the 2009 European Parliament election in Ireland .
Incumbent Republican Ernie Fletcher and his running mate , Robbie Rudolph , faced off against the Democratic slate of former Lt. Governor Steve Beshear and State Senator Dan Mongiardo .
Two of the islands - Juan de Nova and Europa Island - and the Bassas da India atoll lie in the Mozambique Channel west of Madagascar , while a third island , Tromelin Island , lies about northwest of Madagascar .
" It is a 240-page report , published in 1941 during World War II by the Ministry of Information of the Polish government-in-exile , describing atrocities committed by Germany in occupied Poland .
Prominent members included James Carroll , Paraire Tomoana , Āpirana Ngata , Te Rangi Hīroa ( who was a founding member ) ,
At the same time , his work concerned issues connected to Ukraine and the Sudetes region and he had contacts with Osteuropa Institut located in Breslau ( Wrocław ) .
When war criminal Yuri Budanov was tested there in 2002 , the panel conducting the inquiry was led by Tamara Pechernikova , who had condemned the poet Natalya Gorbanevskaya in the past .
The referendum took place amidst a broader English-only movement in the United States .
In Navarre , it is part of the coalition Geroa Bai , which is currently the party in the Navarrese regional government .
He obtained his Bachelor of Science in Statistics and Mathematics from the University of Cape Coast in 2007 .
Internal Darod conflicts over land were forgotten in the face of the anti-Darod rhetoric from Mohamed Farrah Aidid , who proclaimed his intention of clearing all Darod from Somalia .
H.V. Evatt , the leader of the Labor Party at the time , accused Prime Minister Robert Menzies of arranging the Petrov defection to discredit him .
The Liberal Party of Canada won a majority government under Pierre Trudeau , and Keeper entered the House of Commons as an opposition member .
The campaign director Blair McDougall was a former special adviser to Ian McCartney ( 2004-2007 ) and James Purnell ( 2007-2008 ) during the Labour governments of Tony Blair and Gordon Brown .
In the 2014 European Parliament election in Sweden , the Sweden Democrats gained 2 seats with 9.67 % of the vote , up 6.4 % , and the Left Party took one seat with 6.3 % of the vote .
The Battle of Livno is the name of several battles fought over the town of Livno during World War II , which changed hands between the Independent State of Croatia and Partisan forces several times .
His daughter , Elizabeth Rees-Williams , married the actors Richard Harris and Rex Harrison , the businessman Peter Aitken , and more recently Jonathan Aitken , the former Conservative MP .
Kan failed to get elected but eight of the CGPLTKO members who ran as " democrats " got elected , making the group unofficially second largest grouping in the council behind Neo Democrats .
Beginning in occupied Louisiana under General Nathaniel P. Banks , the military developed a wage-labor system for cultivating large areas of land .
Amansie West is located in the Amansie West district of the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
Initially the Our Ukraine Bloc intended to join the Alliance of National Unity coalition and five of its ministers where initially appointed into the Cabinet of Ministers ; Justice Minister Roman Zvarych , Family and Sports Minister Yuriy Pavlenko , Emergency Situations Minister Viktor Baloha , Culture Minister Ihor Likhovyy , and Health Minister Yuriy Polyachenko .
Following Laparelli 's departure from Malta and his subsequent death , construction of the city was entrusted to his Maltese assistant , the architect and military engineer Girolamo Cassar .
Boyack again contested the Edinburgh Central seat in the 2016 Scottish Parliament election , but was defeated by Scottish Conservatives leader Ruth Davidson , who stood for the same constituency .
Another part of the intellectual underpinning of the Bush Doctrine was the 2004 book " The Case for Democracy " , written by Israeli politician and author Natan Sharansky and Israeli Minister of Economic Affairs in the United States Ron Dermer , which Bush has cited as influential in his thinking .
The manoeuvre was intended to threaten the communication and supply lines of Vichy forces defending Beirut against the Australians advancing from the south , in particular the railway line running northwards through Aleppo to Turkey ( Turkey was thought by some British strategists to be sympathetic to Vichy and to Germany ) .
Examples are Kosovo ( " Kosovo " ) , .ku ( " Kurdish people " ) , .te ( " Tamil Eelam " ) , .ti ( " Tibet " ) , and .uu ( " Uyghur people " ) .
Born in Warsaw , Czarzasty graduated with degrees in journalism and political science from the University of Warsaw in the 1980s .
" It is grouped with other self-styled socialists , social democrats and labour parties in the Party of European Socialists .
Large numbers of British ships and troops were now free to be used to prosecute the former backwater war with the United States .
In the 1920s , Bock was together with Kurt von Schleicher , Eugen Ott , and Kurt von Hammerstein-Equord a member of a secret group known as " Sondergruppe R " , selected by and responsible to Hans von Seeckt , who were in charge of helping Germany evade the Part V of the Treaty of Versailles , which had disarmed Germany .
Ralph Nader and Steve Badnarik both received less than one percent .
The demonstrations occurred in response to a constitutional amendment that would permit President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election , On 17 April , President Cartes announced that he was resigning from any possible candidacy for a second presidential term .
The CDNI-run RLG appealed to the United Nations for help .
Trump has also indicated a desire to end the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico .
In November 1798 a British expedition captured the island of Menorca ( historically called " Minorca " by the British ) from Spain .
Some of these countries include : United Arab Emirates , Japan , Brunei , Hong Kong , Canada , United States , Spain , Germany , Korea , Italy , Indonesia , South Africa , Ireland , and China .
The musical is based on historical events leading up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq by the United States , and focuses on how the CIA and BND ( German intelligence service ) provided the Bush administration with a justification for invading Iraq .
Some credit Simon 's primary win to incumbent Governor Gray Davis ' preemptive campaign against Simon 's major primary opponent , former Los Angeles mayor Richard Riordan , a moderate Republican , whom Davis considered a more formidable opponent .
In 2003 , he teamed up with fellow artist Hacken Lee for a major world tour entitled Alan & amp ; Hacken ( Chinese : 左麟右李 , also translated as " " Left Alan Right Hacken " ) .
Daschle was an early supporter of Barack Obama ' s presidential candidacy , and was nominated by President-elect Obama for the position of Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services after the 2008 United States presidential election .ref name = PearNYT a large law firm and lobbying group .
The Discovery Institute has conducted a series of related public relations campaigns which seek to promote intelligent design while attempting to discredit evolutionary biology , which the Institute terms " Darwinism .
Contributions were made by some well-known people , for example , the former minister of transport Vít Bárta or president of the Czech Republic Václav Klaus .
Benjamin Gantz was born in Kfar Ahim , Israel , in 1959 .
At the end of May , the Minister of War of the Russian Provisional Government , Alexander Kerensky , authorized the formation of the 1st Russian Women 's Battalion of Death in Petrograd.Stoff 2006 , p .
In 1934 , Hawkins supported the more controversial 1934 California gubernatorial election of Upton Sinclair , a socialist .
In addition , according to the political analyst of the Inter-Union Department of Parliamentary Advice Antônio Augusto de Queiroz the National Congress 2014 Brazilian general election may be considered the most conservative since the " re-democratization " movement , noting an increase in the number of parliamentarians linked to more conservative segments , such as ruralists , military , police and the religious .
The opposition URD , led by Jóvito Villalba , and COPEI , led by Rafael Caldera , " had to furnish detailed information to the government regarding party-sponsored public meetings , membership rolls , and finances .
He was also chairman of the World Economic Forum " s Global Agenda Council on the Future of Korea .
Uba was born on 14 December 1958 in Enugu , and attended the Boys High School in Awkunanaw .
That year , President Josipović , Prime Minister Milanović and Speaker Boris Šprem , as well as Slovenian Prime Minister Janez Janša , visited the location and paid tribute to the victims .
The main convention site was at the Aitken University Centre on the UNB Fredericton campus in Fredericton , NB .
Thomases was questioned by Senators D 'Amato and Lauch Faircloth and majority counsel , Michael Chertoff , about telephone calls that she had exchanged with Hillary Clinton , Hillary 's chief of staff Maggie Williams and White House counsel Bernard Nussbaum the morning after the suicide of Vince Foster .
After the fall of Habré , President Idriss Déby selected Yodoyman as his second Prime Minister on May 20 , 1992 , replacing Jean Alingué Bawoyeu .
When Feder 's talk concluded , Adolf Hitler got involved in a heated political argument with a visitor , Professor Adalbert Baumann , who questioned the soundness of Feder 's arguments against capitalism and proposed that Bavaria should break away from Prussia and found a new South German nation with Austria
His younger brother , John Silkin , was also an MP and Cabinet minister .
The taint of Watergate and the nation 's economic difficulties contributed to the election of Democrat Jimmy Carter in 1976 .
In the Netherlands province of Limburg , the King 's Commissioner is usually called " Gouverneur " ( governor ) , as in Belgium .
In that election , Maloney defeated incumbent Republican Gary Franks because of President Bill Clinton ' s strong showing in Connecticut and negative TV ads alleging Franks was a Waterbury slumlord .
Many members of the Australian Labor Party party were angered at the failure to call for public tenders , and the opposition were unsatisfied with the government 's explanation for the cancellation .
On August 1 , 2004 in Swift Current , Broten married Ruth Megan Eliason , a music therapist with Palliative Care Services in the Saskatoon Health Region who was raised on a family farm in the Stewart Valley area near Swift Current .
) , " Meet Trois-Rivières , 375 years of history and culture " , Trois-Rivières , art Éditions Le Sabord 2009 , pages 73-74 ( )
Blair became the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on 1997 United Kingdom general election , serving concurrently as First Lord of the Treasury , Minister for the Civil Service and Leader of the Labour Party .
After these dissensions , the UPG turned left and supported campaigns for the ETA prisoners , increased its relations with Herri Batasuna and even made joint events with the Communist Party of Spain ( Reconstituted ) , the political wing of the GRAPO .
In 2002 , Marcela Temer ( born in 1983 ) accompanied her uncle Geraldo , a Paulínia municipal employee , to the annual political convention of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party ( PMDB ) .
The MHP also ruled out any prospect of a coalition government that receives support from the HDP after the June 2015 Turkish general election resulted in a hung parliament , even rejecting CHP leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu offer of Bahçeli becoming Prime Minister in such a coalition .
Through its civil society , Quebec is also present in many international organizations and forums such as Oxfam , Clowns sans frontières , World Social Forum , and World March of Women .
After an unsuccessful attempt to draft Peter Kormos to run for the leadership of the Ontario New Democratic Party , the Socialist Caucus endorsed Michael Prue leading up to the 2009 Ontario New Democratic Party leadership election .
He has also been involved with the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario and has assisted members of London City Council in running for office .
The Sultan Pasha al-Atrash Battalion ( ) was an armed Syrian opposition group affiliated with the Free Syrian Army that operated in southern Syria during the first 3 years of the Syrian Civil War .
Minnesota voted for the Republican candidate , Ulysses S. Grant , over Liberal Republican candidate , Horace Greeley .
Philip was elected as leader ( " hegemon " ) of the army of invasion against the Achaemenid Empire .
He was succeeded by Dan Miller , who served until Ujjal Dosanjh won the resulting leadership convention .
The organization was founded in April 2012 and is noticed to oppose European Union and NATO membership of Ukraine and would prefer instead Ukraine 's membership in Eurasian Economic Union .
He initially controlled the northern portions of the Hoysala Empire before taking full control over its entire range after the death of Hoysala Veera Ballala III in 1343 .
In 2018 's mid-term elections , candidates supported by this program were Scott Miles , Democrat running for Chesterfield County Commonwealth 's Attorney ; Democratic Senator , Tim Kaine running for re-election ; and Abigail Spanberger , Democrat and former CIA officer , opposing in her first run for political office incumbent Dave Brat , U.S. Representative for Virginia 's 7th congressional district since 2014 , when he defeated Eric Cantor in the Republican primary .
In the run up to the 2019 Spanish local elections , various organisations carried out opinion polling to gauge voting intention in Spain .
From 1964 to 1968 , Milbradt studied economics , law , and mathematics at the University of Münster .
The standard is developed and regulated by the European Union ( EU ) .
The young Alimuddin initially attended the school of his father , Badar ud-Din I , and was later sent to Batavia , Dutch East Indies , to complete his education .
Initially the government was headed by Vitaliy Masol , however he was forced to resign due to heavy student 's manifestations in Kiev .
While Donald Trump is the Republican Party nominee as he was in real life , the identity of the Democratic Party nominee is not revealed to the reader , although there are some hints as to the person 's identity , including the fact that he is or was a Senator for the state of New York and that he was part of a political dynasty .
Hunt was a candidate for Leader of the Conservative Party , and Prime Minister , in the 2019 Conservative Party leadership election , losing to Boris Johnson .
Incumbent Governor Jay Inslee was re-elected to his second term over Port of Seattle Commissioner Bill Bryant .
The ACWM emulated some of the strategy expounded by Communist Party of Canada ( Marxist-Leninist ) leader Hardial Bains , including attempting to launch a daily newspaper .
After graduating from Oxford , he took a one-year teaching course in Kingston upon Thames , during which time he was a member of the Socialist Workers ' Student Society .
Margaret Beckett , previously Secretary of State for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs , was promoted to become Britain 's first ever female Foreign Secretary , replacing Jack Straw .
Both Wang 's government and Chongqing 's Nationalist government used near identical symbols and claimed their continuity from Sun Yatsen 's rather than Yuan Shikai 's regime .
From 24 April to 1 May 2012 , thousands of people from the three historical regions - Moldavia , Transylvania and Wallachia - attended the protest march " Give my Romania back ! .. "
The Centre Party , whose pragmatic principles generally left it open to supporting either a monarchical or republican form of government , proved one of the mainstays of the Weimar Republic , continuing the cooperation with SPD and DDP in the Weimar Coalition .
Awards for the skillful restoration project included a prize from the California Chapter of the American Institute of Architects .
Born to a scholarly but not wealthy family in Bazhong , Sichuan , in 1890 , Yen was sent to a school run by the China Inland Mission , studied at Hong Kong University , and graduated in 1918 from Yale University , where he was a member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity .
Between 2003 and 2015 , David Dewhurst served as the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Texas .
Once the Kuomintang fleet realized its mistake , it was too late : although the Kuomintang fleet managed to severely damage the communist landing ship " Guishan " ( 桂山 ) in the chase , the communist landing ship nonetheless successfully beached itself and unloaded all of the landing force it carried .
According to his official biography , Rahmon graduated from the Tajik National University with a specialist 's degree in Economics in 1982 .
In the 2012 United States presidential election in Wyoming , incumbent President Barack Obama received less than 28 % of the Wyoming vote , trailing Mitt Romney by more than 40 points , after running unopposed in the Democratic caucuses .
The ecoregion is centered north and west of Lake Victoria , with an outlier on the border of Ethiopia and South Sudan .Burgess , Neil , Jennifer D 'Amico Hales , Emma Underwood , et al .
The small remainder , consisting of northern East Prussia with the German city of Königsberg ( now renamed Kaliningrad ) , was allocated to the Soviet Union as the Kaliningrad Oblast of the Russian SFSR ( today Russia ) .
The state of Haryana and the Union Territory of Chandigarh were also created and some Pahari -majority parts of the East Punjab were also merged with Himachal Pradesh following the movement .
In early 2014 federal Arts Minister George Brandis and Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull told artists at the Sydney Biennale that they were ungrateful and selfish to protest about the role of Transfield in the Nauru immigration detention centre .
Gibbs then said that Rhodesia wished to have the best possible relations with its neighbours , and startled British observers by saying the government had informed him that it would follow recommendations made by Portugal during recent talks , and would open its own diplomatic mission in the Portuguese capital Lisbon as soon as was practical .
The constitution was democratic , with a viceroy ( Sir Gilbert Elliot ) representing the King , an elected unicameral Parliament , and a Council that was the executive body of the Kingdom , with Carlo Andrea Pozzo di Borgo as procureur-general-syndic ( chief of the civil government ) and later president of the council of state , at its head .
Ref name = " chamberlin430 " / ref name = " avrich13 " / Throughout 1920 several treaties were signed with Finland and other Baltic republics ; in 1921 there were agreements with Persia and Afghanistan .
French journalist Marie-Monique Robin found in the archives of the Quai d 'Orsay , the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs , the original document proving that a 1959 agreement between Paris and Buenos Aires set up a " permanent French military mission " of officers to Argentina who had fought in the Algerian War .
While Waldman himself was mostly apolitical after the war , this perspective clearly informed younger Old Guard supporters such as Morrie Ryskind and Ralph de Toledano who moved to the right from the anti-Communist left .
She helped found the Detroit chapter of the Joann Little Defense Committee , and also worked in support of the Wilmington 10 , the RNA 11 , and Gary Tyler .
In September 2009 , CSX Transportation and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts finalized a $ 100 million agreement to purchase CSX 's Framingham to Worcester tracks , as well as some other track , to improve service on the Framingham / Worcester Line .
On 3 October , the two independent legislators who had been keeping the Coalition in office for the last year , Arthur Coles and Alexander Wilson , voted against Fadden 's budget .
Following " SNL " , Garofalo appeared in a plethora of guest star roles : the grown-up daughter of the Buchmans on the final episode of " Mad About You " ; Jerry Seinfeld ' s female counterpart ( and , briefly , fiancée ) Jeannie Steinman on " Seinfeld " ; a recurring correspondent on Michael Moore ' s " TV Nation " , and a former girlfriend of Dave Foley ' s character on " Newsradio " .
On August 30 , Quebracho participated in a demonstration supporting Hezbollah and against the State of Israel in the context of the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict in front of the Israel i embassy in Buenos Aires .
In 1995 , she moved to Paris and worked first as a Director of Communication for the Association for the Monetary Union of Europe ( AMUE ) ; and then as Chargée de Mission for the Paris-based Think Tank " Notre Europe , " under the auspices of former President of the EU Commission , Jacques Delors .
William Proxmire , a United States Senator who represented the Democratic Party from Wisconsin , issued the award monthly from 1975 until 1988 , his Senate retirement .
One important thing we observed was the respect and support of the Saharawi people towards the struggle of the South Africa n and Namibia n people for national independence .
On May 4 , 1858 , Juárez arrived in Veracruz where the government of Manuel Gutiérrez Zamora was stationed with Ignacio de la Llave .
The Cairns hinterland Soldier Settlement Schemes of the 1920s , the completion of the North Coast rail link to Brisbane in 1924 , the extensive re-building necessitated by a spate of cyclones in the 1920s , and the poor condition of earlier timber structures , combined to produce unprecedented building activity in Cairns .
Alam died at New York University Hospital in New York City on 1978 , less than a year before the Revolution in Iran .
Near the end of his political career he was a part of the Huey Long faction within the Louisiana Democratic Party .
" We Are Doomed : Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism " is a 2009 non-fiction book by British-American writer John Derbyshire .
These three positions remained the defensive backbone of Sydney until the 1840s .
Two months after Scott 's inauguration in January 1949 , incumbent U.S. Senator J. Melville Broughton died in office .
Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase administered the Oath of office .
Upper Silesia served the German Empire , Zagłębie Dąbrowskie sold its coal to the Ukraine ( part of Russian Empire ) , and the " Kraków Coal Basin " was part of Austria-Hungary .
In 1935 he became Procurator General of the USSR , the legal mastermind of Joseph Stalin ' s Great Purge .
Kagarko is a Local Government Area in Kaduna State , Nigeria .
In February 2015 , it was announced Jonathan Rhys Meyers , John Hurt , Olivia Thirlby , Igal Naor , Jürgen Prochnow , and Navid Negahban joined the cast of the film , with Daniel Zelik Berk directing from a screenplay he wrote alongside Samantha Newton , from the novel of the same name by Howard Kaplan .
He was elected for Kings - Hants , Nova Scotia , in a by-election on September 11 , 2000 , after the incumbent MP , Scott Brison , stood down in his favour .
A notable early example of U.S. Government foreign assistance for disaster relief was its contribution to the 1915 Committee for Relief in Belgium headed by Herbert Hoover , to prevent starvation in Belgium after the German invasion .
In that role , he coordinated the day-to-day movement of the press and staff from event to event nationwide with John Podesta and others .
Such a transitional cabinet is not supposed to take important decisions , but it still resolved the issue over the introduction of commercial television , which had been a major issue in the two previous cabinets , with the omroepwet , which allowed commercial blocks on public television ( between shows ) , despite protests by VVD and part of Christian Historical Union .
Upon her return to Zagreb , she married Jakob Altaras .
798-800 ) was the 39th to rule the Korea n kingdom of Silla .
From 1707 until the annihilation of Vientiane in 1828 , the kingdom would at various times be in rivalry with the kingdoms of Kingdom of Luang Phrabang and Champasak , although they remained loosely confederated by cultural and historic affinity .
Yafu railway station is a railway station belonging to Jilin-Shulan Railway and located in the Longtan District of Jilin City , Jilin province , China .
The Washington Conference was called by President Warren G. Harding and run by Secretary of State Charles Evans Hughes .
He holds a 1st Class BA Hons from Brunel University in London , MDiv from International School of Theology in the Philippines , MSc in Sociology from the London School of Economics and a PhD in Political Science at the University of Cambridge .
In the run up to the 2019 Spanish local elections , various organisations carried out opinion polling to gauge voting intention in Spain .
In a 2011 essay " The Jacobin Spirit " in the American magazine Jacobin , philosopher Slavoj Zizek called Solidarnosc ' one of the " free spaces at a distance from state power " that used " defensive violence " to protect itself from state control .
His childhood was spent in Palakkad and in North Arcot , Tamil Nadu .
The general strictness of the qualifications has resulted in three out of the five presidential elections being walkover s , as presidents S. R. Nathan and Halimah Yacob were the sole candidates to receive a certificate of eligibility from the PEC in their respective years in the 1999 Singaporean presidential election , 2005 Singaporean presidential election and 2017 Singaporean presidential election .
On 3 September 1881 , the Tinaroo Division was created on 3 September 1881 under the " Divisional Boards Act 1879 " out of parts of the Cairns , Hinchinbrook and Woothakata Divisions .
One of the successful Conservative candidates , Sheila Bradley ( Greenwich ) , was a school nurse for the Inner London Education Authority .
This event took place after the Imam 's meeting with King Saud , President Gamal Abdel Nasser and President Shukri al-Quwatli on 21 April 1956 , following the Jeddah Pact between Saudi Arabia and Yemen .
AuCoin 's opposition to U.S. support of authoritarian governments in El Salvador and Guatemala and the Nicaragua n Contras - irregular forces armed by the Reagan administration to topple the Sandinista government - led him to travel frequently to Central America to document right wing human rights abuses .
Prestes went on to lead the pro-Soviet faction of the party known as the Brazilian Communist Party ( or PCB ) while the Maoists formed the Communist Party of Brazil ( or PCdoB ) .
She was previously Secretary of State for Family in the government of François Fillon on 18 March 2008 .
) , 32 To find a creative solution , the North Carolina Advisory Committee on Education established the Pearsall Committee , named after its chairman , Thomas J. Pearsall , a landholder and notable public figure from Rocky Mount .Pearsall , Elizabeth .
He was a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1912 United States presidential election and had some strength at the national convention among southern delegates but could not compete with Champ Clark and Woodrow Wilson .
" The Reagans " is a 2003 American made-for-television biographical drama film about U.S. President Ronald Reagan and his family .
Zhang Te was from Zhuo Commandery ( 涿郡 ) , which is around present-day Zhuozhou , Hebei .
Huan Jie started his career as an Officer of Merit ( 功曹 ) in Changsha , his home commandery .
The Socialist Workers Party broke formally with the Fourth International in 1990 , though it had been increasingly inactive in the Trotskyist movement since National Secretary Jack Barnes ' 1982 speech " Their Trotsky and Ours , " which some view as signaling a break with Trotskyism .
He had held the seat since the 1970 United Kingdom general election .
During Sebastian 's short personal reign , he strengthened ties with the Holy Roman Empire , Kingdom of England and Kingdom of France through diplomatic efforts .
He is a Kashmir i separatist , ex-chairman of the All Parties Hurriyat Conference , and founder of the Jammu & amp ; Kashmir Ittihadul Muslimeen ( JKIM ) political party .
This policy is popular with health authorities in the United States , Canada , and Australia .
These trials demonstrated the effectiveness of incendiary bombs against wood-and-paper buildings , and resulted in Curtis LeMay ordering the bombers to change tactics to utilize these munitions against Japan .
In the US , the National Endowment for Democracy announced its intention to honour human rights activists with its 2019 Democracy Award at a ceremony in the U.S. Capitol on 4 June to mark the 30th anniversary of the massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in Beijing in 1989 .
In late 1979 , O 'Donnell left Argentina again , this time for Brazil .
Even after India attaining Independence from the British Raj in 1947 , India is governed till today either by Indian National Congress or Bharatiya Janata Party , dominated by some upper castes ( 15 % of population ) , or by only one family for a long time .
The fracas with McLaurin caused President Theodore Roosevelt , who had succeeded the assassinated McKinley in 1901 , to withdraw an invitation to dinner at the White House .
His running-mate was Angela Nicole Walker , a bus driver and labor organizer from Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
His appointment as rector of a school at Buda was of no long continuance : his views excited the zeal of the Dominican Order , and he was thrown into prison .
She briefly utilized a Gabonese producer in Libreville before leaving for Paris , where she joined guitarist Rigo Star Bamundele .
The Emergency movement brought together the couple , who then teamed up for the defence of the socialist leader George Fernandes .
He also funded the notable excavations at Luxor in Egypt , as well as establishing a Classical Studies School in Athens .
José María Aznar and José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero did it , following the tradition of appointing as Second Deputy to their Finance Minister .
The Orange Guard ( Bulgarian : " Оранжева гвардия " ) was a Bulgaria n paramilitary organization , belonging to the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union ( BANU ) .
Dole was initially a heavy favorite for reelection , especially after several potential top-tier challengers such as Congressman Brad Miller , Governor Mike Easley and former Governor Jim Hunt all declined to compete against Dole .
In the National Assembly , the bill was returned to the Law Commission for which Erwann Binet was appointed rapporteur .
On 1 June 1879 , a Liberal majority under Walthère Frère-Orban succeeded in passing an Education Act secularizing primary education .
Sturgeon also met European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker , who commented that " I will listen carefully to what the first minister will tell me ... but we don 't have the intention , neither Donald Tusk nor myself , to interfere in an inner British process that is not our duty and this is not our job .
Though New Democracy 's Samaras demanded a snap election , an interim coalition government could have possibly involved Popular Orthodox Rally , Democratic Alliance and / or the Democratic Left .
After seeing the bombing of North Korea , and after reading the works of Karl Marx and others during his three-year detention , he became a communist .
Crittenden was present on May 22 , 1856 , when Congressman Preston Brooks attacked Senator Charles Sumner with a cane on the floor of the Senate .
Although Jones increased the Labour vote share by 9 percent , the incumbent MP Charlotte Leslie was re-elected on the back of a national swing to the Conservatives .
Their daughter married Alejandro Agag at El Escorial on 5 September 2002 , and they have four children .
He was a presidential elector on the Whig ticket in 1840 United States presidential election , voting for William Henry Harrison and John Tyler .Hezekiah Niles , , Volumes 59-60 , December 12 , 1840 , page 229
William Henry King ( June 3 , 1863November 27 , 1949 ) was an United States lawyer , politician , and jurist from Salt Lake City , Utah .
In contrast , unions represented as much as 33 percent of the United States workforce in the 1950s , but declined to less than 12 percent of the United States workforce by 2008 .
Stevens resigned , and Alexander Mair ( Bruxner 's favoured candidate ) took over the Premiership .
United Australia Party Senators Herbert Collett and Allan MacDonald were not up for re-election .
In his afterword for the second edition in 1903 , he renewed this critique against theologian Adolf von Harnack and his work ' The Essence of Christianity ' ( ' Das Wesen des Christentums ' , 1900 ) .
He was elected a total of nine times , changing his party affiliation to the Kenseikai ( where he was Chairman of the Policy Affairs Research Council ) , and the Rikken Minseitō ( where he was Secretary-General and Director of General Affairs ) .
During the third reading debate , Building and Construction Minister Maurice Williamson ( National , Pakuranga ) took a five-minute call and gave a jovial speech , pointing out logical fallacies in some of the more aggressive statements by opponents - the last of which he disproved that the bill was cause of the recent drought conditions affecting New Zealand , by pointing out that it was raining in his electorate that morning , complete with a " big gay rainbow .
It pitted him against liberal co-hosts , including Barry Lynn , Bob Beckel , and Chris Matthews , in a time slot opposite Rush Limbaugh ' s show .
However , MK Aryeh Eldad left to form his own list , Hatikva , while MKs Effi Eitam and Yitzhak Levy ( formerly of Ahi ) re-established Ahi , which later merged into Likud .
AllMusic 's Stephen Thomas Erlewine highly praised the song , stating that " With its mock menace and pummeling metal triplets , it was the first Manson song with an oversized hook -- the kind of song that even the group 's detractors couldn 't get out of their heads .
Commissioner for Human Rights CommDH ( 2007 ) 12 - Para .
The form of conflict theory which emphasizes the role of economics , being heavily influenced by the work of Karl Marx and sometimes referred to as Marxist criminology , views crime as a natural response to the inequality arising from the competition inherent in capitalist society.Gabbidon ( 2007 : 141 ) .
She was , in addition , one of those who re-founded The Falcons , a socialist youth organisation that had originated in 1904 but then been banned during the Nazi Germany .
After a spell out of parliament , Newton Dunn was re-elected a Conservative MEP for the East Midlands in 1999 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom , after the UK adopted systems of proportional representation generally rather than merely for Northern Ireland .
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the Conservative MP Harold Henderson who had held the seat since winning it in the January 1910 United Kingdom general election .
Most Latvians regard Kārlis Ulmanis , a key figure in the Latvian war of independence and four-times Prime Minister of Latvia , as being the founding father of modern Latvia .
At about that same time , Coventry , England based Forte Lubricants , a manufacturer of petrol and diesel-operated engine additives typically used in garages , maintained a website that supported Forte Lubricants ' own association of vehicle workshops / garages , where each member garage agreed to comply with some of the good garage scheme material published by the Department of Trade and Industry .
Sophia Theresa Williams-de Bruyn ( born 1938 ) is a former South Africa n anti- apartheid activist .
In foreign policy , his stance against apartheid helped secure the departure of Union of South Africa from the Commonwealth of Nations , but his indecision on whether to accept Bomarc nuclear missiles from the United States led to his government 's downfall .
The separation of southern Bulgaria into a different administrative region was a guarantee against the fears expressed by Great Britain and Austria-Hungary that Bulgaria would gain access to the Aegean Sea , which logically meant that Russia was getting closer to the Mediterranean .
In May 2010 , the party 's deputy chairman Fouad Badrawi , grandson of Wafd 's late leader Fouad Serageddin announced that he was withdrawing his name from the nominations for party presidency to allow El-Sayyid el-Badawi , a member of the party 's supreme authority and the party 's former secretary-general , to run instead in the party elections scheduled by the end of the month .
He ran in the 2002 Election Committee Subsector by-elections in the Legal sub-sector , which was responsible for electing the Chief Executive of Hong Kong in the 2002 Hong Kong Chief Executive election .
Exit polls after the 2008 presidential election indicated that Democratic candidate Barack Obama had won 62 % of the Asian American vote nationwide .
She has a degree in biology and microbiology from Sidi Mohamed Ben Abdellah University in Fez ( 1986 ) , a postgraduate degree in ecotoxicology from Moulay Ismail University in Meknes ( 1987 ) .
In the case of Hamas , the Palestinian offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood , Palestinian nationalism has almost completely fused with the ideologically pan-Islamic sentiments originally held by the Islamists .
In the United States this tendency was led by Jay Lovestone , former General Secretary of the Communist Party .
In 2005 , after weeks of civil unrest led by Evo Morales , former president Carlos Mesa offered his resignation to Congress .
Similarly , Ahrens and Eide informed RSK president Milan Martić .
Howell Cobb 's daughter , Mrs. Alexander S. ( Mary Ann Lamar Cobb ) Erwin , was responsible for creating the United Daughters of the Confederacy ' s Southern Cross of Honor in 1899 , which was awarded to Confederate Veterans .
Bate is joint author , with Julian Morris of " Fearing Food : Risk , Health and Environment " .
Pasaribu was born in the city of Sibolga , North Sumatra from a Batak background .
In January 2012 , the American Third Position Party announced Merlin Miller as its presidential nominee for the 2012 presidential election .
His primary education came at Southworth School and he later attended Willington Academy where John C. Calhoun had matriculated a generation earlier .
From 1872 to 1874 , he was secretary to Granville Leveson-Gower , 2nd Earl Granville , followed by secretary of the Embassy at Berlin ( from 1874 to 1876 ) and secretary of the Embassy at Peking ( 1876-1878 ) .
Walsall councillor Eddie Hughes defeated the long-serving Labour backbencher David Winnick on a 12-point swing .
Charbel Nahas is the current party 's General Secretary .
Lathan worked on the railway s where he became an active trade unionist and joined the Independent Labour Party .
Senator Jesse Helms played a major role in renewing the Republican Party and turning North Carolina into a two-party state .
Two obvious successors soon emerged : Lord Halifax , then Foreign Minister , and Winston Churchill .
In response to the inquiry , the Henry Bolte Government immediately approved works for a 20 km diversion tunnel from the Thomson River and planning to begin for the construction the massive Thomson Dam in Gippsland to add considerably to water storage capacity ( the Upper Yarra Dam had been completed in 1957 ) .
A Belfast Labour Party candidate was in second place .
A special election was held in the U.S. state of Minnesota on December 8 , 2015 , to elect a new representative for District 3A in the Minnesota House of Representatives , caused by the death of Representative David K. Dill on August 8 , 2015 .
The enfranchisement of local electors allowed the development of a new political class , creating a significant body of experienced politicians who would enter national politics in Ireland in the 1920s , and increase the stability of the transitions to the parliaments of the Irish Free State and Northern Ireland .
Schaefer was born in the Baltimore , Maryland , the son of Tululu Irene ( née Skipper ) and William Henry Schaefer , on November 2 , 1921 .
He was the second-born son of the politician Eleftherios Venizelos .
With popular sentiment behind him , Republican political boss Alexander Robey Shepherd convinced the Congress to unite the governments of Washington , Georgetown , and Washington County under a single territorial government for the District of Columbia , with the governor of the District to be appointed .
They protested against worker law and the International Monetary Fund , and for higher pay and better workers rights .
At first , Labour corporatised many former government departments and state assets , then emulated the Conservative Margaret Thatcher administration and privatised them altogether during Labour 's second term of office .
" Las Vegas Shakedown " is a 1955 American crime film directed by Sidney Salkow from an original screenplay by Steve Fisher .
Its leaders included Aleksandras Stulginskis , Vytautas Petrulis and Kazys Jokantas .
The film stars E.R. Ejercito in the title role , along with Nora Aunor , Christopher de Leon , Cristine Reyes , and Cesar Montano .
The first New Zealand Labour Party Minister of Treaty Negotiations was Margaret Wilson .
For the two states and one district without recent polling , one state ( 6 electoral votes ) ! -- MS-6 -- voted for Mitt Romney in the 2012 United States presidential election election , while one state and district ( 7 electoral votes ) ! -- DC-3 , HI-4 -- voted for Barack Obama .
In 1996 , Juan Linz and Alfred Stepan listed the clearest examples of sultanism as " Haiti under the Duvalier s , the Dominican Republic under Rafael Trujillo , the Central African Republic under Bokassa , the Philippines under Ferdinand Marcos , Romania under Ceauşescu , and North Korea under Kim Il Sung .
During his studies , Schimmelfennig had research stays in Dijon , France and at Tufts University in Medford , Massachusetts .
A by-election for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Perth took place on Saturday 28 July 2018 , following the resignation of incumbent Australian Labor Party MP Tim Hammond .
" Democrat Lam Cheuk-ting , who had originally planned to petition at the meeting setting up a select committee to investigate HK $ 50 million Chief executive Leung Chun-ying received from Australian engineering firm UGL Limited , accused the pro-Beijing camp of helping the Chief executive .
" Despite the tension over the anticipated invasion of Normandy , the press and officials were eager to hear the Yugoslav story , and Maclean and Velebit had a busy time ; even U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower wanted to meet them .
The left-wing Socialist Party being in thorough disarray following Jospin 's defeat , Chirac reorganized politics on the right , establishing a new party & amp ; mdash ; initially called the Union of the Presidential Majority , then the Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) .
The focus was to educate a generation Russian speaking economics experts from Russia and the surrounding post-Soviet successor states , especially from Bulgaria and also from China .
In the 2010 Apulian regional election the party obtained 7.1 % and 4 regional councillors , including Greco .
The MDC supported the Socialist candidate Lionel Jospin for the 1995 French presidential election , then integrated the " Gauche plurielle " coalition .
In February 2008 , Marino was appointed by Brendan Nelson as one of the party 's whips in the House of Representatives , serving alongside Michael Johnson and Chief Whip Alex Somlyay .
Forcadell has a degree in philosophy and communication studies from the Autonomous University of Barcelona and a Masters in Catalan Philology from the same university .
The Red House is the seat of Parliament in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago .
On March 24 , Persifor F. Smith ' s brigade captured a Mexican soldier with reports that Antonio López de Santa Anna was marching an army from Mexico City to the relief of Veracruz .
The trial of Nicolae and Elena Ceaușescu was a short trial held on 25 December 1989 by an Exceptional Military Tribunal , a drumhead court-martial created at the request of a newly formed group called the National Salvation Front , resulting in the death sentence and execution of former Romanian President and Romanian Communist Party General Secretary , Nicolae Ceaușescu , and his wife , Elena Ceaușescu .
A dedication ceremony was held on November 6 , 1921 led by Marshal of France Ferdinand Foch and Senator Medill McCormick .
In the 2012 presidential election , Republican Mitt Romney received 52.0 % of the vote ( 2,536 cast ) , ahead of Democrat Barack Obama with 46.9 % ( 2,289 votes ) , and other candidates with 1.1 % ( 53 votes ) , among the 4,897 ballots cast by the township 's 6,682 registered voters ( 19 ballots were spoiled ) , for a turnout of 73.3 % .
Made a Commander of both the Order of the Crown and the Star of Romania , as well as a recipient of the Ferdinand Medal , he took up practice as a lawyer , based in Bucharest and Bălți .
On 12 May 2008 , the Dutch politician Geert Wilders ( PVV ) , who was previously quoted as arguing that a Greater Netherlands was " a Nazi and old-fashioned policy , " said in " De Telegraaf " that he was interested in the possibility of a merger between the Netherlands and Flanders .
After periods in Vienna , Prague and Dresden , he moved to Wittenberg , which he saw as the " new Jerusalem .
Fathimath Dhiyana Saeed is a Maldives diplomat , and was the Secretary-General of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC ) .
In 1951 , he graduated from Taiwan Provincial College of Law and Business ( now known as National Taipei University ) and a decade later in 1961 , he was elected to the 5th Taipei City council and subsequently as a " permanent " legislator of the Legislative Yuan to fill positions vacated by deceased Chinese legislators in 1969 .
Ministry is an American industrial metal band founded in Chicago , Illinois in 1981 by producer , singer and instrumentalist Al Jourgensen .
It claimed to be the legitimate successor of the Byzantine Empire , along with the Empire of Nicaea and the Empire of Trebizond , its rulers briefly proclaiming themselves as Emperors in 1225 / 1227-1242 ( during which it is most often called the Empire of Thessalonica ) .
In March 2019 , Nicola Zingaretti was elected secretary of the PD .
He was born in Saint-Laurent , Île d 'Orléans , Canada East , the son of David Bouffard and Françoise Chabot , and educated at the Séminaire de Québec .
He was appointed to serve in the administration of President George H. W. Bush , as undersecretary in the Department of Housing and Urban Development from 1989 to 1990 .
The party is an international member of the Global Greens , European member of European Green Party and cooperates with the European Greens-European Free Alliance in the European Parliament .
He has four sisters , namely : Maria Elena ( Ballsy ) , Aurora Corazon ( Pinky ) , Victoria Elisa ( Viel ) , and Kris Aquino .
The Kunan Poshspora incident was an alleged mass-rape that occurred on February 23 , 1991 , when unit ( s ) of the India n security forces after being fired upon by militants , launched a search operation in the twin villages of Kunan and Poshpora , located in Kashmir ' s remote Kupwara District .
The long dominance of the centrist Liberal Party of Canada at the federal level in Canadian politics was maintained in part during the 1990s by competition between two right wing parties , the older Progressive Conservative Party of Canada and the newer Reform Party of Canada .
It was held in the Australia n state of Victoria to elect all 88 members of the state 's Legislative Assembly and 22 members of the 44-member Legislative Council .
Former Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey and a close friend of Erdoğan , Abdüllatif Şener , said on a live phone connection with Halk TV that he knows Erdogan very well and that if Erdogan builds a shopping mall , demolishing the Gezi Park , it would be full of malpractice that makes him only richer .
On Chicago meeting in 8 October 1918 Chicago industrialist Samuel Insull introduced him as the president of future Czechoslovak Republik de facto and mentioned his legions.PRECLÍK , Vratislav .
Meanwhile , Lord Percival Graves is opposed to having an American on the throne and proposes to declare the reigning House of Wyndham at an end and replace it with the House of Stuart , of which he is patriarch .
The people most involved in preparing the articles were Mikołaj Sienicki ( leader of the " execution movement " ) , Jan Firlej and Jan Zborowski .
The leadership position is similar to that of the role of Secretary-General of the ruling African National Congress ( ANC ) .
He was re-elected for two other terms as an MNA for the opposition party in 1994 Quebec general election and 1998 Quebec general election .
He has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for North Herefordshire since the 2010 United Kingdom general election , having previously represented the Leominster constituency from 2001 United Kingdom general election until it was abolished in 2010 .
In July 1737 , Austria entered the war against the Ottoman Empire , but was defeated a number of times , amongst others in the Battle of Banja Luka on 4 August 1737 , and then lost Belgrade after an Ottoman siege from 18 July to September 1739 .
He led Czechoslovakia until 1938 when he had to leave Czechoslovakia due to World War II and formed the Czechoslovak government-in-exile .
Taddeo was born in Barrancabermeja , Colombia , to an Italian-American father and Colombian mother .
He left separate letters to be sent to the Sultan and to France " s Ambassador to Constantinople , asking them not to forget about his fellow exiles .
Tsar Alexander attempted to mediate the conflict between Britain and the United States , and President Madison appointed Adams , Secretary of the Treasury Albert Gallatin , and Federalist Senator James A. Bayard to a delegation charged with negotiating an end to the war .
In Chapter 63 of the novel , as in history , he is defeated and captured by Zhang Fei , who initially wants to execute him but changes his mind and spares him after feeling impressed with Yan Yan 's strong sense of loyalty .
Early in her career she had been the chair of the Gambia National Women 's Council and an advisor to Dawda Jawara , the first President of the Gambia as a nation independent from the Gambia Colony and Protectorate of the British Empire .
In 2017 Axworthy also accepted the invitation of Zhejiang University , Hangzhou , China , to be a visiting professor where he lectures annually and contributes regularly to China Today magazine .
The Turnbull Government was the federal executive government of Australia led by the 29th Prime Minister of Australia , Malcolm Turnbull , from 2015 to 2018 .
While the King , his family and the Royal Court resided mostly in Sweden , Oscar II made the effort of learning to be fluent in Norwegian and from the very beginning realized the essential difficulties in the maintenance of the Union between Sweden and Norway .
Hume was assigned to report on Walter Mondale ' s 1984 United States presidential election presidential campaign , and George H.W. Bush ' s 1988 United States presidential election presidential campaign .
The ACT was represented at GAFCON II in Nairobi , in 21-16 October 2013 , by former Archbishop Donald Mtetemela and other bishops .
Dan Savage , a widely syndicated columnist who was offended by Santorum 's remarks , hosted a contest in his " Savage Love " column for readers to create a definition for " santorum .
Throughout his reign , the Confederation of Shan States , made up of former Ava vassal states , launched their relentless attacks , and gradually absorbed Avan territory from the north , while their ally Prome Kingdom ( Pyay ) took Avan territory in the south .
The party was also excluded from Menachem Begin ' s right-wing coalition .
" Gore 's campaign pointed out that its manager , Donna Brazile , was black .
" The Secret Diary of John Major ( aged 47 ¾ ) " was a weekly spoof diary entry based on " The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole , Aged 13 ¾ " in which John Major was characterised as being hopelessly naïve and optimistic , as well as dull , weak and obsessed by trivia .
Sometime between 235 and 239 , he was sent as a messenger to the capital , Luoyang , where , by chance , he met Sima Yi , who was then serving as the Grand Commandant ( 太尉 ) under the Cao Wei government .
The same day , United States secretary of defense Ash Carter issued a memo to the United States armed forces informing them of the pending transfer of National Command Authority to a new administration .
Taking a European outlook , it set up groups in France , as well as in Latin America and registered as a political party in 1979 under the name of " Partido Europeo Nacional Revolucionario " ( European National Revolutionary Party ) , although this initiative was not pursued .
In August 1953 , Clifford P. Case resigned from the House to become president of the Ford Foundation ' s Fund for the Republic .
For the next 44 years North Yemen was ruled by two powerful imams .
W.I.T.C.H. , which originally stood for Women 's International Terrorist Conspiracy from Hell but came to stand for many other things as well ( see below ) , was the name of several related but independent feminist groups active in the United States as part of the women 's liberation movement during the late 1960s .
Among his notable post- World War II appointments were the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia Ambassador to Rome as well as the Court of St. James 's and World Bank .
Victoria Nonyamezelo Mxenge ( 1 January 1942 , in King William 's Town , Eastern Cape - 1 August 1985 , in Umlazi , Durban , Natal ) was a South Africa n anti- apartheid activist ; she was trained as a nurse and midwife , and later began practising law .
Viktor Chernomyrdin , Yegor Gaidar , Gref , Igor Ivanov , Alexander Lebed , Kudrin , Gennadiy Seleznyov , Alexander Voloshin and Yeltsin br / 0 %
He is currently working with Marc Kielburger and Craig Kielburger , founders of Free the Children , in an initiative to build schools and clean water systems in Africa .
Du panicked and was reluctant to engage the Liao army , but at Fu Yanqing ' s advocacy , Fu , Zhang Yanze , Yao Yuanfu ( 藥元福 ) , and Huangfu Yu ( 皇甫遇 ) , attacked the Liao army fiercely , causing the Liao army to panic and flee .
Minister of the interior Aleksandar Ranković lost all of his titles and rights after a major disagreement with Tito regarding state politics .
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ( through its attorney general Cornelius Darragh ) and Pittsburgh interests represented by Edwin M. Stanton and Robert J. Walker had brought this litigation in the United States Supreme Court by seeking an injunction against the bridge from the justice responsible for that geographic area , former Pennsylvania judge for the Pittsburgh area , Robert C. Grier .
In the north towards Scotland are 8 of its 42 wards all beside or in the market town of Brampton which sits beside Hadrian 's Wall .
During the Titoist era , a Yugoslav socialist patriotism was advocated by the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
During the 16th century , the French colonization of the Americas began with the creation of New France .
A new generation of leaders , led by Nelson Mandela and Walter Sisulu recognised that the Nationalists were certain to ban the ANC and so make peaceful protest all but impossible .
This was a change from 2008 United States presidential election in Nebraska , when the state as a whole had voted for Republican John McCain but Democrat Barack Obama still won an electoral vote from the state .
Incumbent Republican J. Donald Cameron , who was elected in an 1877 special election and subsequently re-elected in 1879 , 1885 , and 1891 , was not a candidate for re-election .
On 20 March 2012 , then Representative Jay Inslee resigned his seat in the House of Representatives to run for Governor .
Nationalist Senators Patrick Lynch and George Pearce and National Party of Australia Senator William Carroll were not up for re-election .
Both seats were held for the New Zealand National Party by serving officers ; James Hargest ( Awarua ) was interned in Switzerland , and Tom Macdonald ( Mataura ) had just been invalided home .
In addition she ran as a candidate for President of Colombia in the Colombian presidential elections of 1986 Colombian presidential election , 1990 Colombian presidential election , and 1994 Colombian presidential election .
He was the Democratic nominee for the United States Senate for Missouri in 2016 , narrowly losing the election to Republican incumbent Roy Blunt .
Proponents of early market socialism include the Ricardian socialist economists , the classical liberal philosopher John Stuart Mill and the anarchist philosopher Pierre-Joseph Proudhon .
Republican Roger Marshall won this district in 2016 by defeating the incumbent Congressman , Tim Huelskamp , in the Republican primary 57 % to 43 % and winning the general election .
Further , in 1993 the separatist Bloc Québécois won seats for the first time .
The Volksraad was founded in Weltevreden , Batavia , Java , as an infant form of democratic representation on 18 May 1918 by the colonial chief executive Johan Paul van Limburg Stirum ( 1873 & amp ; ndash ; 1948 ) , who was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1916 to 1921 .
He also served as an intern in Solomon P. Ortiz Washington , D.C. office .
Raised by Utpala 's minister Sura , Anantivarman ascended the throne of Kashmir on 855 CE , establishing the Utpala dynasty and ending the rule of the Karkotas .
On 20 September 2012 , the BJP and otherparties called for a nationwide bandh in response to economic reforms undertaken by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his finance minister P. Chidambaram .
Her second husband , Antoine Froment , was also active in the reformation .
She was educated at Haviv elementary school and Gymnasia Realit and was a member of the Maccabi Hatzair youth movement .
On May 23 , 2013 , Senators David Vitter ( R-LA ) and Frank Lautenberg ( D-NJ ) , introduced a TSCA reform bill , co-sponsored by a number of other Senators at the United States House Energy Subcommittee on Environment and Economy .
An unsuccessful assassination attempt was made on AGP Chief Minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta in 1997 .
He has also conducted research in Cambodia , Hong Kong , Indonesia , and Japan .
This debate was linked to other discussions on the nationalised industries in Britain and the increasingly critical stance of Haston and the RCP as to the leadership of the Fourth International with regard to Eastern Europe and Yugoslavia in particular .
James Dobson , founder of the socially conservative Focus on the Family , opposed the Act , arguing that it would effectively " muzzle people of faith who dare to express their moral and biblical concerns about homosexuality .
From 1976 to 1977 , he was Minister of State in charge of planning and the " l 'Aménagement du territoire " ( zoning commission ) Raymond Barre ' s first cabinet .
It was the first election held since the Statute of Westminster granted full independence to the Irish Free State a year earlier .
In Sweden the parallel Council gradually came under the influence of the king during the 17th century .
In 1399 , he escaped to Damascus in Syria where he met Timur .
On October 10 , 2017 , journalist Ronan Farrow reported further allegations Weinstein had sexually assaulted or harassed thirteen women , and rape d three .
In the summer of 1940 , fear of the Soviet Union , in conjunction with German support for the territorial demands of Kingdom of Romania ' s neighbours and the Romanian government 's own miscalculations , resulted in more territorial losses for Romania .
62 For instance , Jews expelled from the Iberian Peninsula were invited to settle in various parts of the Ottoman Empire , where they would often form a prosperous model minority of merchants acting as intermediaries for their Muslim rulers .
Semjén is the leader of the Christian Democratic People 's Party ( KDNP ) since 2003 , which formed a coalition and alliance with Fidesz .
Miroslav Marjanović , a top intelligence agent during the 1990s and Kosovo War , in 2016 made public classified information regarding the Kosovo War , among which were DST telegrams from 1998 about the Kosovo Liberation Army and the evaluation that France and Germany were closer to agreeing on a partition of Kosovo into a Serbian and an Albanian part , with the Albanians receiving status similar to that of Republika Srpska .
He claimed that the NDP began opening its doors to Islamists under Alexa McDonough and that , under Jack Layton , he had seen them " flood " into the party .
John Hospers and Tonie Nathan of the newly formed Libertarian Party were on the ballot only in Colorado and Washington , but were official write-in candidates in four others , and received 3,674 votes , winning no states .
Obama 's support for the bill and general opposition of the surge pushed forth by David Petraeus garnered him criticism from Republicans and a few pro-war Democrats .
He died in 1930 in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
The Brazilian populist leader ( and Goulart 's brother-in-law ) Leonel Brizola , in an early stage of his political career , won the gubernatorial elections in the State of Rio Grande do Sul by means of an electoral alliance with the PRP.Lucídio Castelo Branco , " Da memória de um repórter " .
Establishment of the ZVO was one of explicit provisions of the Erdut Agreement which called upon the United Nations to establish its UNTAES transitional mission .
He became king after the death of Beornwulf in battle against the rebellious Kingdom of East Anglia , but he too was killed in another failed attempt to subjugate them in the next year .
In 299 BC , King Xiang met with King Min of Qi and King Wuling of Zhao at Han 's capital Xinzheng ( modern day Henan ) to propose a 4-state alliance of Qi , Han , Wei and Zhao against Qin .
On 2 October 1882 she arrived in Australia with new immigrants .
The Kingdom of Benin 's capital was Edo , now known as Benin City in Edo state .
However he lost his seat in the 2003 Northern Ireland Assembly election to a member of Ian Paisley ' s Democratic Unionist Party .
After the great British victory over the Italy 10th Army in Operation Compass ,
The Green Party of England and Wales also saw its gains concentrated on one area to achieve the third most councillors in the London Borough of Lewisham .
" Monkey Business " is an United States yacht built for the use of the Turnberry Isle Resort Marina in southern Florida .
Originally the Vozhd was Yevhen Konovalets ; after his assassination he was succeeded by Andriy Melnyk resulting in a split where the Galician youths followed their own " Vozhd " , Stepan Bandera .
The current Minister for Financial Markets is Per Bolund , appointed on 3 October 2014 .
This focus on eco-socialism has informed in the essay " On Socialist Ecological Civilisation " , published in September 2006 , which according to Chinadialogue " sparked debate " in China .
Due to the changes in the law regarding all elections statewide by the Nevada Legislature and Governor Steve Sisolak ( a Democrat ) , Goodman is not eligible to run for re-election in 2024 due to term limits effectively extending her mayoral term to 5 years .
The XYZ Affair was a political and diplomatic episode in 1797-1798 , early in the presidency of John Adams , involving a confrontation between the United States and French First Republic that led to the Quasi-War .
Incumbent Luis Villafuerte is term limited ; he will run for the governorship .
CulinaryCorps members have volunteered on trips to New Orleans , Louisiana ; the Mississippi Gulf Coast ; and Puerto Rico .
" The Hunt for Red October " is a 1990 American submarine spy - thriller film directed by John McTiernan , produced by Mace Neufeld , and starring Sean Connery , Alec Baldwin , Scott Glenn , James Earl Jones , and Sam Neill .
Because of his international fame , Richard Strauss , although privately a critic of the Nazi Reich , was installed as president of the " Reichsmusikkammer " in November 1933 .
He was in New Jersey organizing an army to raid New York City .
The St. Nicholas Collegiate Church at 600 Fifth Avenue at 48th Street was built in 1869-72 , designed by W. Wheeler Smith in the Gothic Revival style , which critic Montgomery Schuyler called " Gothic gone roaring mad .
Princess Sophie was born in the " Neues Palais " in Potsdam , Kingdom of Prussia on 14 June 1870 .
The main challengers for the open seat were local department store owner and philanthropist George Marston , a Progressive , and banker Louis J. Wilde , a Republican .
The Zhanaozen massacre took place in Kazakhstan ' s western Mangystau Region over the weekend of 16-17 December 2011 .
Succeeding Wilhelm Kaisen he became President of the Senate .
60 Republican Calvin Coolidge had received over 70 % of the vote in the county .
In 2004 National leader Don Brash suggested all policies privileging Māori should be abandoned , calling for abolition of the Māori electorates and Māori claims to customary title under the Treaty of Waitangi .
Hitler generally interfered in the domestic policies of the occupied territories , giving unrestricted powers to " Sicherheitsdienst " and " SS " squadrons under the command of Heinrich Himmler .
He soon became an honorary member of many foreign academies and philosophic societies , including the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences ( 1785 ) , the American Academy of Arts and Sciences ( 1792 )
Entering electoral politics , Obasanjo became the People 's Democratic Party 's candidate for the 1999 Nigerian presidential election , which he comfortably won .
In 1936 an Air Staff Officer in Middle East Command based in the Kingdom of Egypt , Arthur Harris , known as an advocate of " air policing , " Rotter , 2008 , p .
The delegates were awarded to the candidates , Obama and Hillary Clinton , on a proportional basis .
Presidential elections were held in Syria on 8 February 1978 .
In the 1990 Myanmar general election , the party won the second highest number of seats ( 23 seats out of 58 constituencies ) , which was unrecognized by the ruling military junta .
He finished elementary and high school in Smederevo .
The Socialist Workers Party and Solidarity ( a splinter group of the Scottish Socialists ) took part in the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition for the election .
In Indonesia , although the form of state is Unitary , four regions were given the special status of autonomy ( " keistimewaan " ) as provinces .
They did not see Syria as an independent state , rather as part of a larger caliphate , protecting a Sunni nation in Syria , Iraq , and Yemen .
Nestor Makhno took advantage of this situation and moved decisively on Dnipro , taking the city from the Whites on November 10 , 1919Белаш В .
Bélanger is a native of Quebec City .
The incumbent was Democrat Mike Capuano , who has represented the district since 2013 and previously represented the 8th district from 1999 to 2013 .
In September 2001 , " Napoleon and Wellington " , an investigation into the relationship between the two generals , was published by Weidenfeld and Nicolson , and was the subject of the lead review in all but one of United Kingdom national newspapers .
East 's appointed successor , Jim Broyhill , served for just four months , resigning upon his November 1986 election loss to former Democratic Governor Terry Sanford .
The manoeuvre sought to topple the 14th Menteri Besar of Selangor , Tan Sri Abdul Khalid Ibrahim , and install the national opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim as his replacement .
Despite Hillary Clinton improving upon Barack Obama 2012 vote totals in Allegheny County and the Philadelphia metropolitan area , Trump scored record numbers in rural areas while also flipping traditionally Democratic counties such as Erie and Luzerne .
Ibach was born in Elberfeld , today part of Wuppertal , Germany .
Karl Marx asserted that Dickens " issued to the world more political and social truths than have been uttered by all the professional politicians , publicists and moralists put together .
In 2012 , he ran for the Japan Restoration Party of former Osaka governor and mayor Tōru Hashimoto that won twelve district seats in the prefecture .
The British maintained a few scattered forces in the region , and on 9 December the French frigate " Sensible " and the smaller corvette " Sardine " under Commodore Jacques-Mélanie Rondeau , sailing independently of Ganteaume , had entered the neutral Ottoman Empire harbour at Smyrna and found the 28-gun British frigate at anchor .
The Communist Party had been bitterly divided by the Sino-Soviet Split , a dispute between the Soviet Union under Nikita Khrushchev and China under Mao Zedong .
The Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act of 1936 ( also known as the Thomas-Rogers Act ) is a United States federal law that extended the 1934 Wheeler-Howard or Indian Reorganization Act to include those tribes within the boundaries of the state of Oklahoma .
Carrick had been added to the shadow cabinet in 1974 , under Billy Snedden , and retained his place under Malcolm Fraser .
The constitution of the country was closely modeled on that of the Soviet Union , and insisted on the leading role of The Party .
During this era , all but 11 of the 149 UUP Stormont MPs were members of the Orange Order , as were all Prime Ministers .
In March 2010 , The Harry Potter Alliance had a campaign for people to send in their books to the Mississippi Delta which went to Rwanda .
As Barclay learned that Faulkner could win on the first ballot , he got Freer to stand for deputy to split the vote , and Bob Tizard won on the fourth ballot .
One reason the Republican Party scheduled their convention in July was to help avoid a longer , drawn-out primary battle similar to what happened in 2012 , which left the party fractured heading into the general election and eventually led to Mitt Romney losing the election to Barack Obama .
Nynnio became king of Kingdom of Gwent and Glywysing and Peibio became the ruler of Ergyng .
Dick replaced Ivar Asjes , who held the office while concurrently Prime Minister since the resignation of Rubia Bitorina .
The Council of Europe has made abolition of the death penalty a prerequisite for membership .
Douglas was found guilty of violating a military order that banned criticism of the Lincoln administration 's conduct of the war , but was released after Indiana 's Republican governor , Oliver P. Morton , lobbied the president and his cabinet .
By September 1656 , the stalemate between the two great powers of Eastern Europe began to shift as the Ottoman Sultan Mehmed IV with the aid of his Grand Vizier Köprülü Mehmed Pasha set about reforming the Ottoman military and preparing it for larger conflict .
George W. Bush nominated McGahn as a Republican-selected member of the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) in 2008 .
In 1912 he moved to Tampere to become a carpenter 's apprentice and soon joined the Social Democratic Party of Finland .
" Tales from the Hood 2 " is an American horror - comedy anthology film directed by Rusty Cundieff and Darin Scott and executive-produced by Spike Lee .
The Khilafat movement ( 1919-1924 ) was a political campaign launched mainly by Muslims in British Raj to influence the British government to protect the Caliphate during the aftermath of World War I .
His activity spread all over the south-west region to counties Kerry , Cork , Limerick and Clare .
( Abdoulaye Wade won the 2000 presidential election in Senegal in that manner .
The party was founded by Joseph Thauberger who had been an unsuccessful Social Credit Party of Canada candidate in the 1972 Canadian federal election .
During the abdication crisis in 1936 , British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin consulted the Commonwealth prime ministers at the request of King Edward VIII .
Franklin D. Roosevelt approved construction of the high dam with hydroelectric generating capacity in June , 1935 , and by the end of Martin 's second term Grand Coulee Dam was producing electricity .
The book studies the implementation of the rules on gender justice that were part of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court , examining why the application of those rules by the International Criminal Court has been uneven and incomplete .
Speaker of the House designate Nancy Pelosi said that " the bipartisan Iraq Study Group has concluded that the President 's Iraq policy has failed and must be changed .
On the morning that Labour Party leader Neil Kinnock was due to make his speech , an article by the Anglican and Roman Catholic Bishops of Liverpool David Sheppard and Derek Worlock denounced the Militant leadership and council 's " policy of confrontation .
In 1955 , he returned to Pakistan and joined the country 's civil service and was initially posted at the Planning Commission .
He was an avid supporter of the Little Entente , formed between Romania , Kingdom of Yugoslavia , and Czechoslovakia to fend off Hungary irredentist claims ( Hungary claimed Transylvania and the Banat , which Romania gained after World War I ) and prevent the House of Habsburg from returning to power in Central Europe .
The Assembly of First Nations passed a resolution in December 2007 to invite Presidents Hugo Chávez and Evo Morales to Canada to put pressure on the government to sign the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , calling the two heads of state " visionary leaders " and demanding Canada resign its membership on the United Nations Human Rights Council .
In December 2001 , Poroshenko broke ranks with Kuchma supporters to become campaign chief of Viktor Yushchenko ' s Our Ukraine Bloc opposition faction .
Crick was an advisor to British Labour Party leader Neil Kinnock during the 1980s .
With Aimé Césaire and Léon Damas , Senghor created the concept of " Négritude " , an important intellectual movement that sought to assert and to valorise what they believed to be distinctive African characteristics , values , and aesthetics .
On 21 September 2009 journalist Anton Krivenyuk was sentenced by the Sukhumi city court to a three-year suspended prison sentence for libel of president Sergei Bagapsh .
Alejandro Gómez Olvera ( born 5 October 1958 ) is a Mexican politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution .
On April 16 , Sarah Palin attended a Tea Party rally in Madison .
In 2004 , Byrd received the American Historical Association ' s first Theodore Roosevelt - Woodrow Wilson Award for Civil Service ; in 2007 , Byrd received the Friend of History Award from the Organization of American Historians .
Originally a Baptist minister before becoming a medical doctor , Titus is best remembered as a factional leader of the Washington state affiliate of the Socialist Party of America ( SPA ) during the first decade of the 20th century and as editor of " The Socialist , " one of the most-widely circulated radical newspapers of that period .
He also withdrew from the nomination process to the 2013 Norwegian parliamentary election where he had been competing with Martin Henriksen for the top position on the Labour Party list in Troms .Geir Arne Kippernes , and others : for the second and Ingebrigtsen for the third spot .
They were influenced by social-democratic revolutionary ideology , contacted Frederick Engels , Georgi Plekhanov and later Vladimir Lenin .
He also studied at the Pontifical Biblical Institute in Jerusalem , where he was awarded a doctorate in biblical studies .
It is as if Stanley Baldwin , another quintessential Tory leader , had published his memoirs at the height of the Blitz .
The current commissioners are Christi Craddick since December 17 , 2012 , Ryan Sitton since January 5 , 2015 , and Wayne Christian since January 9 , 2017 .
On 27 September 2019 , Iraqi Prime Minister Adil Abdul-Mahdi issued a decision to transfer the commander of the Iraqi Counter-Terrorism Force , Lieutenant General Abdel-Wahab Al-Saedi , from the ICTF to the Ministry of Defence , a decision that was viewed by many and by Al-Saedi himself as a demotion and an act of disrespect after being one of the major leaders of the liberation of Mosul from ISIL 's occupation .
Representatives of the Jewish Central Committee , World Jewish Congress , Nidkhei Israel Congregation , the United Zionist Organization and Histadrut participated in the inaugural ceremony of " Folks-Ligue " at its new office on Paseo de la Reforma 503 on January 21 , 1945 .
Davis , an advocate of a southern transcontinental route , persuaded Pierce to send rail magnate James Gadsden to Mexico to buy land for a potential railroad .
Labor preselected as their candidate Patrick McGirr , a member of the Parkes Land Board and the brother of Greg McGirr , the state member for Yass .
This transformation was gradual until the Soviet Union - Cuban intervention and ensuing National Union for the Total Independence of Angola ( UNITA ) insurgency , when the sudden and large-scale inflow of heavy weapons and accompanying technicians and advisers quickened the pace of institutional change .
She has held assignments in Stockholm ( 1980 ) , Budapest ( 1982 ) , Nairobi ( 1985 ) , Khartoum ( 1989 ) , Ashgabat ( 1998 ) , and Kuala Lumpur , where she was Counselor for Management Affairs .
The collection includes the work of many photographers from Fox Talbot , Julia Margaret Cameron , Viscountess Clementina Hawarden , Gustave Le Gray , Benjamin Brecknell Turner , Frederick Hollyer , Samuel Bourne , Roger Fenton , Man Ray , Henri Cartier-Bresson , Ilse Bing , Bill Brandt , Cecil Beaton ( there are more than 8000 of his negative s ) , Don McCullin , David Bailey , Jim Lee and Helen Chadwick to the present day .
Campbell left provincial politics at the end of his second term in 1921 , and attempted to run for Federal politics in the 1921 Canadian federal election as the Conservative Candidate in the federal electoral district of Edmonton West .
Daniel Johnson , Jr succeeded Bourassa as Liberal leader and Premier of Québec in 1994 , but soon lost the 1994 Quebec general election to the Parti Québécois under Jacques Parizeau .
They support Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei and want to preserve the power of the Islamic jurist Supreme Leader .
Incumbent leader Vojtěch Filip faced Stanislav Grospič .
In Jerusalem , Romney discussed the possibility of a military strike against Iran with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and President Shimon Peres .
In the summer of 2003 , feeling that his position at the club was insecure after the shock sacking of Del Bosque and the arrival of David Beckham , and encouraged by teammates Zidane , Raúl , McManaman and Fernando Morientes , Makélélé decided to ask for an improved contract .
After the show , the actual 30-second commercial aired , and Jason Priestley delivered his own anti-drug message on the air .
He later pursued a Master of Arts degree in Persian at the University of the Punjab in 1963 , and completed a Bachelor of Laws at the same university in 1965 .
He also received honorary doctorates from Erasmus University of Rotterdam in 1983 , the Institut d 'Etudes Politiques of University of Paris in 1993 , the University of Toronto in 1995 , the University of Strasbourg in 1996 , the University of Geneva in 1999 , the University of Crete in 2002 , the Université du Québec à Montréal in 2004 and the University of Michigan in 2007 .
Founded in Beirut in 1932 as an anticolonial and national liberation organization hostile to French colonialism , the party played a significant role in Lebanese politics and was involved in attempted coups d 'etat in 1949 and 1961 following which it was thoroughly repressed .
Ioannides 's failed coup d 'état against the elected president of Cyprus , Makarios III , and the subsequent Turkish invasion resulted in the fall of the dictatorship and the appointment of an interim government , known as the " national unity government , " led by former prime minister Konstantinos Karamanlis .
Sophie Bessis & amp ; Souhayr Belhassen , ' Bourguiba ' , Editions Elyzad 2012 p.12Derek Hopwood & amp ; Sue Mi Terry , ' Habib Bourguiba of Tunisia : The Tragedy of Longevity ' , Springer 2016 p.114
When the party split over Parnell 's divorce , Davitt joined the anti-Parnellite Irish National Federation .
It is represented in Parliament by Jacob Young ( Conservative Party ) for the Redcar constituency and by Simon Clarke ( Conservative Party ) for the Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland constituency .
It was in Essen in the Ruhr district that she was arrested on 11 or 13 September 1933 .
A No-deal Brexit would involve the United Kingdom leaving the European Union without any Free Trade Agreement and relying on the trading rules set by the World Trade Organization .
A source of frustration for Democrats after the adoption of Richard Nixon ' s Southern strategy was the increasing Republican lock on the electoral votes of the Southern United States .
Between 1993 and 1997 , many newly independent republics implemented their own numbering plans such as Belarus ( + 375 ) and Ukraine ( + 380 ) .
As the 41st Parliament opened , Garrison was appointed to the Standing Committee on Public Safety and National Security and party leader Jack Layton appointed Garrison as the NDP critic on LGBT issues .
Incumbent Democratic Senator Robert F. Wagner was re-elected to a fourth term over Republican Thomas J. Curran .
The government was dismissed on 1 June 2018 when a motion of no confidence against Rajoy succeeded , but remained in acting capacity until Pedro Sánchez ' s government was sworn in .
Despite its name , it was started by politicians from a mixture of political parties , including Peter Bone , Tom Pursglove and Liam Fox from the Conservatives , Kate Hoey from Labour , Nigel Farage from UKIP , Sammy Wilson from the DUP and George Galloway from Respect .
The official election campaign was opened on 14 November by the League , which organized a rally at the PalaDozza , the sport arena of Bologna .
1989 United Kingdom local elections to Northumberland County Council , a county council in the north east of England , were held on 4 May 1989 , resulting in a council with Labour members forming a majority .
" M * A * S * H " is a 1970 American black comedy war film directed by Robert Altman and written by .
Although at the time Israel informed the United Nations that its measures constituted administrative and municipal integration rather than annexation , later rulings by the Israeli Supreme Court indicated that East Jerusalem had become part of Israel .
On 17 May , the Constitutional Court Chairman Ivan Dombrovskyy resigned and Valeriy Pshenychnyy was appointed chairman in replacement .
A fifth-generation Texan who once resided in Saint Croix , U.S. Virgin Islands , he holds dual citizenship , being a citizen of Antigua and Barbuda and the United States .
Participants in the televised debate included Nation of Islam leader Malcolm X , New York editor of " Ebony " Allan Morrison , Congress of Racial Equality executive director James Farmer , and Southern Christian Leadership Conference executive director Wyatt Tee Walker .
Schopenhauer read the Latin translation of the ancient Hindu texts , the " Upanishads " , which French writer Abraham Hyacinthe Anquetil-Duperron had translated
In 1990 he attained a BEng in Petroleum engineering at the University of Port Harcourt and later returned to the UK to successfully complete a master 's degree in Mineral Resources Engineering at the Imperial College London in 1994 .
Things worsened when the CPI ( M ) hesitated to give the JD ( S ) seat of the Kozhikode parliamentary constituency , in the 2009 Lok Sabha election , and the leading newspaper Mathrubhumi published lavalin issues , which is against Pinarayi vijayan .
He and his wife Ana then moved to Timișoara , and later to Novi Sad .
He had close links to fellow Maastricht rebels Nicholas Budgen and Christopher Gill , even giving the eulogy at Budgen 's funeral at Lichfield Cathedral .
Ohnesorg 's death outrages West Germany , including left wing journalist Ulrike Meinhof , who claims in a televised debate that the democratically elected government of West Germany is a Fascist police state .
Formally the German Empire had no physical Crown jewels , though a model of a German State Crown was created and used in emblems .
She is a member of the localist group Youngspiration .
The film stars Jon Heder in the role of the title character , for which he was paid $ 1,000 .
Until 1885 United Kingdom general election it was a parliamentary borough , consisting solely of the town of Tavistock ; it returned two Members of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom until 1868 United Kingdom general election , when its representation was reduced to one member .
The European Defence League ( EDL ) is a largely UK-based offshoot of the English Defence League founded by Tommy Robinson which campaign s against what it considers sharia law and itself has various offshoots .
Arses ( Old Persian : " Aršaka " ) , also known by his regnal name of Artaxerxes IV ( " Artaxšaçā " ) , was the twelfth Achaemenid Empire king of Persia from 338 BC to 336 BC .
A day after the attack , the BBC reported that the Patriotic People 's Movement , which would later be identified as the military wing of the Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna , claimed responsibility .
The best individual riding result , and the only result over 3.0 percent , was for Wilf Tricker in Rocky Mountain House , who received 6.4 % of the vote , finishing fifth in a field of seven candidates , just 0.62 % behind the Alberta Greens candidate and well ahead of the NDP and Separation Party of Alberta candidates .
In an apartheid-era debate on disinvestment from South Africa in 1990 , chief representative of the African National Congress ( ANC ) to the United States Lindiwe Mabuza said the act contributed to institutionalised oppression of black South Africans .
Other organisations are the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) , the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation and NATO .
After the attack on Fort Sumter and the commencement of hostilities , Governor Andrew wrote Secretary of War Simon Cameron , urging him to discontinue the Harpers Ferry Armory ( which was at that time on Confederate soil ) and to channel all available federal funds towards enhancing production at the Springfield Armory .
Lebanon , an area with a Maronite majority , had enjoyed varying degrees of autonomy during the Ottoman Empire era .
On 16 November 2008 , Foreign Minister Maria Isabel Salvador met her India n counterpart , Pranab Mukherjee , with a close relationship in oil and defence between these geographically distant countries high on the agenda .
On 6 December 1922 , Ireland formed a new dominion named the Irish Free State .
Defence minister Wilhelm Groener missing from picture
At the same time , he became an opponent of Charles de Gaulle and Gaullism , and declared his dissatisfaction with the proclamation of the Fifth Republic .
The American Council of Christian Churches was founded for fundamental Christian denominations as an alternative to the National Council of Churches .
He was a primary school teacher ( 1949 ) and later interpreter for the Eastern Provinces of Nigeria ( 1949-51 ) before receiving a Fulbright Travel Grant for undergraduate study in the United States .
Zia 's son Ijaz-ul-Haq told Barbara Crossette a year after the crash that he was " 101 percent sure " that Murtaza was involved .
At the time of the deterioration of his final illness , he had been engaged in protracted negotiations with the United States Government .
Roosevelt had tapped his Secretary of War , William Howard Taft , to become his successor , and Taft defeated Democrat William Jennings Bryan in the general election .
The Dialogue is set in the Kingdom of Hungary in 1528 , between the invasions of Suleiman the Magnificent .
Manafort also worked as an adviser on the 2004 Ukrainian presidential election of Viktor Yanukovych ( and his Party of Regions during the same time span ) from December 2004 until the February 2010 Ukrainian presidential election ,
Friedrich Ludwig von Payer ( 12 June 1847 - 14 July 1931 ) was a German lawyer , liberal politician and vice-chancellor of Germany during the last year of World War I .
He also undertook a journey on behalf of the Dutch Reformed Church , visiting religious Afrikaners living in the Belgian Congo , Northern Rhodesia , and Southern Rhodesia .
On September 29 , 2015 Boccieri was appointed to the Ohio House of Representatives , filling the 59th District vacancy caused by the resignation of Ron Gerberry .
The was a government position in Japan in the late Nara and Heian period s .
Sasser , however , would be defeated by prominent Nashville heart surgeon Bill Frist by 14 points .
In August 219 , following Liu Bei 's victory over Cao Cao in the Hanzhong Campaign in June that year , Guan Yu decided to follow up by attacking Cao Cao 's stronghold at Fancheng ( 樊城 ; present-day Fancheng District , Xiangyang , Hubei ) , which was guarded by Cao Ren .
During security measures in Upper Egypt , the Luxor security directorate announced that it had transferred all those jailed in the local police station to Qena prison as a mean of avoiding the 2011 scenario due to the risk of violence .
A new government was formed under a considerably more liberal Communist , Hans Modrow .see also : de : Regierung Modrow
He graduated from Franklin College of Arts and Sciences ( University of Georgia ) .Smith , p .
In the wake of the referendum defeat , the caucus moved to expel Hughes on 14 November ; instead , he and 23 supporters resigned and formed the National Labor Party .
Kabul Rock , 108.0 FM is a rock station in Kabul , Afghanistan , playing music ranging from 1950s ' rockabilly to modern rock and metal .
In the 2008 Vancouver municipal election , in November 2008 , Betty Krawczyk ran for mayor under the Work Less Party platform , as did four people for councillor positions , though none were elected .
After the war , he joined the Society of the Cincinnati .
During his appearance , he referred to Pope Benedict XVI as a " homosexual " and claimed that " half the people in the Holy See are queer .
Not long after the military victory of the United Kingdom over Argentina in the Falklands War , Mrs. Thatcher , accompanied by Cradock and Youde , who was now Governor of Hong Kong , paid a visit to Peking on 22 September 1982 in the hope of persuading the Chinese government not to insist on claiming the sovereignty of Hong Kong .
CNEA 's facilities include the Bariloche Atomic Centre ( in San Carlos de Bariloche ) , Constituyentes Atomic Centre ( in Buenos Aires ) , and Ezeiza Atomic Centre ( in Ezeiza , Buenos Aires Province ) .
On 16 July 1979 , al-Maliki fled Iraq after he was discovered to be a member of the outlawed Islamic Dawa Party .
The Gaza Strip has been occupied by Hamas since the 2007 war after Israeli disengagement from Gaza in 2005 .
Hoeven was challenged in the race by North Dakota State Senator Tracy Potter of Bismarck .
After repeated attacks on William Ewart Gladstone ' s bill , they finally defeated the government over an amendment to the Bill on 18 June 1866 , which was carried by 315 to 304 .
Born into an India n nobility , he was educated in England and at the Indian Military College at Dehradun , then the Indian Military Academy and served during World War II as an officer in the 18th K. E. O. Cavalry Regiment of the British Indian Army .
Gorkić was born in Sarajevo in 1904 ; his older brother Ladislav ( 1901 ) was a machinist and younger brother Bohumil was an architect who lived in Czechoslovakia until 1986 .
The Duchy of Courland and Semigallia is a duchy in the Baltic region that existed from 1562 to 1791 as a vassal state of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and later the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth .
General elections were held in Nicaragua on 20 October 1996 .
The organisation was founded by former members of the Israeli Communist Party - Maki - who opposed that party 's unquestioned support for the international policies of the Soviet Union .
Although the Legislative Council was not dissolved , elections were held in most of the North-West Territories in 1885 , and Oliver was defeated by local physician and businessman Herbert Charles Wilson , who became speaker of the Assembly .
Until 1848 , the Austrian Empire was an absolute monarchy with no written constitution and no modern concept of the rule of law .
He was born in Zushi , Kanagawa , the son of author and former Tokyo governor Shintaro Ishihara .
After Joseph Stalin signed the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact with Adolf Hitler in August 1939 , Niebuhr severed his past ties with any fellow-traveler organization having any known Communist leanings .
This government was defeated later the same year and lost 1924 United Kingdom general election .
He became chairman of Huyton Constituency Labour Party in 1974 , an office which had additional significance because the local Labour MP was Harold Wilson who was then Prime Minister .
She announced that she would also resign as Deputy Leader , prompting a concurrent 2015 Labour Party deputy leadership election .
The engagement was observed by General Dwight D. Eisenhower , the Supreme Allied Commander in the Mediterranean , and Admiral Andrew Cunningham from the flagship HMS " Aurora " .
The third person was usually the Communist Party of the Soviet Union secretary of the corresponding regional level .
Solana 's thought contained a strong anti-tyrannical thread , embodied already in the concept of a moderated monarchy ; he also largely ignored his rival to the title of key party pundit , Víctor Pradera Larumbe , whose thought endorsed dictatorial solutions.Pradera was assassinated by the Republican militia and in the Nationalist zone he was treated as a martyr .
James Tien of the Liberal Party criticised the Liaison Office for circulating the recommendation lists , the Democratic Party ' s Martin Lee viewed it as a " shadow government " meddling in elections in all levels , including the Chief Executive elections , coordinating with pro-Beijing parties in Legislative Council and District Council elections , and raising funds for the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment of Hong Kong ( DAB ) .
After Mao 's second official successor , the sole Vice Chairman of the party Lin Biao , was killed in an air crash in 1971 ( according to official reports he was trying to flee from China after unsuccessfully trying to stage a coup against Mao ) , Deng Xiaoping ( who had been political commissar of the 2nd Field Army during the civil war ) became the most influential of the remaining army leaders .
Sadiq Egerton College Bahawalpur | Sadiq Egerton College Govt in Bahawalpur .
The Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan 2003 includes plans to extend the A14 motorway from Magdeburg to Schwerin and to build the A72 from Chemnitz to Leipzig .
After the Duar War with Britain ( 1864-65 ) as well as substantial territorial losses ( Cooch Behar 1835 ; Assam Duars 1841 ) , armed conflict turned inward .
In the eve of his election as President of the European Parliament , LGBTI rights group , ILGA-Europe , expressed its disappointment with Tajani 's new political post and his political backing from the European People 's Party ( EPP ) and Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe ( ALDE ) .
After various disagreements with the party leadership , however , Duesterberg left the DNVP in 1923 and joined the nationalistic and pro-monarchy " Der Stahlhelm " , which largely consisted of ex-servicemen disgruntled with the Weimar Republic .
As the SHS delegate , he participated in the sessions of the Assembly of the League of Nations in 1924 and 1927 .
Sichfrith mac Ímair ( ; died 888 ) was a ninth-century Kingdom of Dublin .
Later , Portugal relinquished control over East Timor in 1975 , at which time Indonesia promptly invaded and annexed it .
The committee was established in Washington , D.C. by General Nicolae Rădescu , one of the Prime Ministers of Romania after the overthrow of dictator Ion Antonescu by King Michael I and the opposition parties .
Dennis Hood was appointed Chair , and its members include Annabel Digance MP , Hon Tom Kenyon MP , Hon Rob Lucas MLC , Hon Mark Parnell MLC , Mr Dan van Holst Pellekaan MP .
Background : Dr. Ben Carson ( born in 1951 ) was a Maryland brain surgeon and professor ( 1984-2013 ) .
Under Laurier , and his successor William Lyon Mackenzie King , the Liberals promoted Canadian sovereignty and greater independence within the British Commonwealth .
He graduated from the University of London in 1976 with a BSc in microbiology and was awarded a PhD in biochemistry in 1981 .
Vermont voted for the Republican nominee , former Governor Thomas E. Dewey of New York , over the Democratic nominee , incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt of New York .
Minister-President Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer said that she was seeking to form a grand coalition with the Social Democratic Party of Germany , which have 37 seats altogether .
Charles extended the Burgundian territory with the annexation of Tournai , County of Artois , Utrecht , Groningen , and Guelders .
Darboe was the recipient of a Commonwealth scholarship to study law at the University of Lagos in Nigeria .
He was a board member of Norsk Regnesentral from 1958 to 1960 , of Norwegian Social Research from 1966 to 1981 , of Statsøkonomisk Forening from 1950 to 1953 , 1963 to 1967 and 1971 to 1974 .
The New South Wales State Heritage Register , also known as NSW State Heritage Register , is a heritage list of places in the state of New South Wales , Australia , that are protected by New South Wales legislation , generally covered by the Heritage Act 1977 and its 2010 amendments .
Many political scientists , such as George F. Kennan , Hans Morgenthau , Kenneth Waltz , and Samuel P. Huntington , and political historians , such as Richard Hofstadter , .
Rudolf " Ruedi " Noser ( born 14 April 1961 in Glarus ) is a Switzerland businessman and politician ( FDP.The Liberals ) .
After the Partition of Ireland , the corporations in the Irish Free State were Dublin , Cork , Limerick and Waterford ( county boroughs ) and Drogheda , Kilkenny , Sligo , Clonmel , and Wexford ( non-county boroughs ) .
The NDPD was co-founded by Lothar Bolz , Wilhelm Adam ( a former member of the SA ) and others .
Bimal Gurung , a former GNLF councillor of the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council , fell out with Subhash Ghisingh for " opposing the Sixth Schedule status for the hills and for his speeches against Subhash Ghisingh , the party president .
From Christchurch it contains the suburbs of Casebrook and Belfast ; from Waimakariri District to its north , it takes in the towns of Kaiapoi and Rangiora as well as a selection of small inland localities such as Cust and Oxford .
In December 2005 , the former head of the Baku Oil Refinery and a member of the Azerbaijani parliament , Rovnag Abdullayev , was appointed President of SOCAR .
The first Boards of Health were created by Orders in Privy Council of the United Kingdom dated 21 June , 14 November and 21 November 1831 .
He lost re-election in 1992 to Republican Peter I. Blute , in part due to the House banking scandal .
However the articles were overshadowed by Dinabandhu Mitra , who depicted the situation in his play " Nil Darpan " .His play created a huge controversy which was later banned by the East India Company to control the agitation among the Indians .
But there was also a dramatic rise in the electorate between 1835 United Kingdom general election and 1837 United Kingdom general election ( from 698 to 1,336 ) , which is less easy to explain .
= Liberal Party of New York , C or Cons .
The longest-lived Premier is Steele Hall who is currently aged .
Since 1994 , as a result of a constitutional amendment which reduced the presidential term to four years , all federal and state elections in Brazil have coincided .
Under Li Cunxu 's advocacy , Li Keyong agreed , and requested Liu send troops to him to jointly attack Zhu 's possession Zhaoyi Circuit ( 昭義 , headquartered in modern Changzhi , Shanxi ) to open a second front .
This constitutes the fifteenth- smallest percentage margin in any statewide presidential election since the Civil War , and the smallest since Kennedy won Hawaii by 115 votes in that state 's 1960 United States presidential election in Hawaii two decades previously .
The Child Discipline Act was introduced by Green Party member Sue Bradford .
He obtained a Diploma in Legal Practice awarded by the Law Development Centre in 2010 .
Ronald Reagan had previously called for regime change in Libya , directing the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) to work towards that goal.Washington Post 20 Feb. 1987 .
This began after Filipino media reported that Mr. Anwar may be involved with the incursion and the evidence of an image showing the opposition leader with Nur Misuari of MNLF began circulating on the internet .
" Bim " is a 1974 Trinidad and Tobago film written by Raoul Pantin and directed by Hugh A. Robertson .
The movement was headed by Nassib Lahoud who was former ambassador to Washington ( 1990-91 ) , former Lebanese legislator ( 1991-2005 ) , former presidential candidate on behalf of March 14 Alliance till November 2007 , and former minister ( 2008-2009 ) .
He sat in the Upper House as a Liberal Party of Canada and served in various positions including Leader of the Opposition in the Canadian Senate and led the Liberals ' filibuster against the introduction of the Goods and Services Tax forcing Prime Minister Brian Mulroney to use an obscure section of the Constitution to appoint extra Senators and ensure passage of the measure .
On 30 September 2017 , Philippe Richert of The Republicans ( LR ) , announced his retirement from politics and resigned his post as president of the regional council .
Democrat John Kerry became the fourth straight Democratic presidential nominee to carry the state in 2004 United States presidential election receiving 51 % and Bush obtained 48.3 % of the votes .
Other than the cities of City of London and City of Westminster , no local authorities in the Greater London area have been granted city status .
This didn 't work out as planned in the 1st district , where incumbent Republican Felix Grucci ran an ad claiming that his opponent , Democrat Timothy Bishop , was soft on rapists .
Plane Stupid is one of the direct action climate groups that has emerged from the new wave of radical green activism that Britain has witnessed in 2006 .
The 2014 Indian general election for the 16th Lok Sabha , held from April 2014 to May 2014 , once again brought back single-party rule in the country , with the Bharatiya Janata Party being able to claim a majority in the Lok Sabha .
The current leader of the National Party is Michael McCormack , who won a 2018 National Party of Australia leadership election following Barnaby Joyce ' s resignation in February 2018 .
85 In 1898 his daughter had his body exumed and moved to Crown Hill Cemetery next to the grave of Oliver P. Morton .
The Emergency Tariff increased rates on wheat , sugar , meat , wool , and other agricultural products brought into the United States from foreign nations , which provided protection for domestic producers of those items .
He was a candidate in the Democratic Party primaries for the 2020 United States presidential election .
In 1975 the CRC joined the Orthodox Presbyterian Church ( OPC ) , Reformed Presbyterian Church of North America ( RPCNA ) , the Reformed Presbyterian Church , Evangelical Synod ( RPCES ) and the Presbyterian Church in America ( PCA ) in forming the North American Presbyterian and Reformed Council ( NAPARC ) .
Le Gendre remained in Japan until 1890 , working in a private capacity as an advisor to Ōkuma Shigenobu .
Benaissa remained in his position under Hassan 's successor , King Mohammed VI , until he was replaced by Deputy Foreign Minister Taieb Fassi Fihri in the government formed on 15 October 2007 under Prime Minister Abbas El Fassi .
In 1956 , he joined Mao in the " anti-revisionist " camp , which did not accept Nikita Khrushchev ' s program of de-Stalinization , yet he did not become a Maoist himself .
Florence Tunks studied for a certificate in nursing between 1915 and 1918 at the Derbyshire Royal Infirmary in Derby and qualified as a nurse in London in 1923 .
In 2001 , the Socialist Caucus ran Marcel Hatch in a leadership challenge against Alexa McDonough .
On 22 February 2012 , American journalist Marie Colvin and French photographer Rémi Ochlik were killed when a rocket hit their safe house .
The one-term incumbent Liberal / National Coalition Government led by Premier Mike Baird and Deputy Premier Troy Grant was re-elected to a second four-year term with a slightly reduced majority in the Legislative Assembly , where government is formed .
The Mamluk Sultans of Egypt and Syria later appointed an " Abbasid Prince " as Caliph of Cairo , but these Mamluk Abbasid Caliphs were marginalized and merely symbolic Caliphs , with no temporal power and little religious influence .
Later in the same year , Isaac Musekiwa , a saxophonist from Zimbabwe joined the band .
The leaders of the conspiracy were ban Nikola Zrinski ( viceroy of Croatia ) and Hungarian palatine Ferenc Wesselényi ( viceroy of Hungary ) .
These were : President Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines , Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew of Singapore , President Chung Hee Park of South Korea , President Nguyen Van Thieu of South Vietnam , Prime Minister C. K. Yen of Taiwan , and Prime Minister Thanom Kittikachorn of Thailand .
Initially thought to be acting independently , they confessed on 16 December 1994 to judge Baltasar Garzón that a number of former police and Interior Ministry officers were also involved in the GAL , showing evidence supporting their claims .
Ooi , who was at the time a member of " Gerakan Rakyat Malaysia " ( Malaysian People 's Movement ) , a major party in the then ruling Barisan Nasional ( BN ) coalition government , stated that " it 's too premature at this point " for him to consider entering active politics.Tan , Joceline ( 26 November 2006 ) .
Founded by businessman and battery farming pioneer Antony Fisher in 1955 , it promotes monetarist economics .
In Sweden , the half-century period of parliamentary government beginning with Charles XII ' s death in 1718 and ending with Gustav III ' s self-coup in 1772 is known as the Age of Liberty .
After the end of the Second World War , the Bund reorganized itself in Poland .
In addition , he performed nine points better here than he had 2000 United States presidential election in Oklahoma , indicating the state is trending Republican .
The Reform Club was founded by expatriate barrister Brook Bernacchi in 1949 in the midst of the debate over the Young Plan , a plan for wide constitutional reform in Hong Kong .
Smant ( 1991 ) finds that Burnham overcame sometimes heated opposition from other members of the editorial board ( including Meyer , Schlamm , William Rickenbacker , and the magazine 's publisher William A. Rusher ) , and had a significant effect on both the editorial policy of the magazine and on the thinking of Buckley himself.Kevin Smant , " Whither Conservatism ? James Burnham and ' National Review , ' 1955-1964 , " " Continuity , " 1991 , Issue 15 , pp. 83-97 ; Smant , " Principles and Heresies : Frank S. Meyer and the Shaping of the American Conservative Movement " ( 2002 ) pp. 33-66
Although Edward Gibbon pioneered the description of the Diocletianic government as a " New Empire , " he never used the term " tetrarchy " ; neither did Theodor Mommsen .
The second agreement was made with Latvia , granting this country a loan and Lithuania acquiring a right to use the port of Liepāja for transportation of goods and services .
" In summer 1908 she was in Nottingham with Elsa Gye to build up its WSPU .
For early education , Ali attended Metropolitan Grammar School in Karachi , Ali Completed .
If one of the female candidates had won , Iceland would have had nearly all its leading governing and religious positions held by women ; the female president would be head of state , Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir would be head of government , Ásta Ragnheiður Jóhannesdóttir would be the Althing speaker , while Agnes M. Sigurðardóttir would have been the head of the Church of Iceland .
" Traffic in Towns " was an influential report and popular book on urban and transport planning policy published 25 November 1963 for the United Kingdom Ministry of Transport by a team headed by the architect , civil engineer and planner Colin Buchanan .
" Imran Hussain was later selected ( in 2012 ) to contest the Bradford West constituency , which resulted in a 2012 Bradford West by-election for George Galloway of the Respect Party .
Huckelheimer Bach is a small river of Bavaria , Germany .
Among its journalists were Michael Foot and Barbara Betts ( later Barbara Castle ) , while the board included the Labour MPs Aneurin Bevan and Ellen Wilkinson , Harold Laski of the Left Book Club and the veteran left-wing journalist and former ILP member H. N. Brailsford .
Incumbent Republican Senator William E. Jenner did not seek a second full term in office and was replaced by Democrat Vance Hartke , the mayor of Evansville .
In the presidential election , the result was a victory for Charles D. B. King of the True Whig Party , who was re-elected for a second term .
On 17 May 1997 , Laurent-Désiré Kabila , a leader of Tutsi forces from the province of South Kivu , became President after Mobutu fled to Morocco , reverting the country 's name to the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
It has been called the Gijang fortress in Japan .
In Congress , Nicholson was one of the managers appointed by the House of Representatives in January 1804 to conduct the impeachment proceedings against John Pickering , judge of the United States District Court for New Hampshire , and in December of the same year against Samuel Chase , Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States .
The Australian Labor Party under Bob Hawke went on to win by an increased majority in the 1987 Australian federal election , gaining its highest-ever number of seats .
He was returned again for Eye at the 1710 British general election but at the 1713 British general election was returned instead for Lymington .ref name = HOP
However , Prince Qing plotted against Cen and accused him of supporting Liang Qichao and trying to revive the Hundred Days ' Reform , which was terminated by Empress Dowager Cixi and her faction .
Often seen to be a form of National Bolshevism , one of the basic ideas that underpin Eurasian theories is that Moscow , Berlin and Paris form a natural geopolitical axis because a line or axis from Moscow to Berlin will pass through the vicinity of Paris if extended .
Before 1707 , the Kingdom of Scotland was a sovereign independent state which had its own legislature - the Parliament of Scotland - which met , latterly , at Parliament House on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky , and Senator Saxby Chambliss , Republican of Georgia , opposed the study saying that they believe " it will present serious consequences for U.S. national security " and that the study was ideologically motivated .
Audun Lysbakken , Heikki Holmås , and Bård Vegar Solhjell have announced their candidature for the leader position .
This is a list of the embassies , high commission s and Apostolic Nunciature in Jakarta , Indonesia .
New Haven County - Ansonia , Beacon Falls , Bethany , Branford , Derby , East Haven , Guilford , Hamden , Milford , Naugatuck , New Haven , North Branford , North Haven , Orange , Prospect , Seymour , Wallingford , Waterbury ( part ) , West Haven , and Woodbridge .
Subandrio ( 15 September 1914 - 3 July 2004 ) was an Indonesia n politician and Foreign Minister and First Deputy Prime Minister of Indonesia under President Sukarno .
This was regarded as both incapacity and unwillingness of Ponta 's government to organize fair elections , and led to a surprisingly large turnout of over 64 % ( largest since 1996 Romanian general election ) , and a surprise win for Iohannis in the second round .
He was an unsuccessful candidate for the party in the 1895 United Kingdom general election .
With a political perspective inspired by Garveyism and Pan-Africanism , Essien-Udom ( dubbed the " black power professor " by University of Ibadan students ) was intensely public spirited and committed to institution building .
-- George Ho ( talk ) 22 : 16 , 18 February 2013 ( UTC )
" Vox " reported that the Mueller Report showed Sanders and her predecessor , Sean Spicer , made false statements about the circumstances surrounding the firings of Comey and Michael Flynn .
In 1974 the DLP supported the Liberal leader , Billy Snedden , in threatening to block the Whitlam government 's budget bills in the Senate .
Pacheco 's partner Luis Vernet established a toehold in the islands in 1826 and a fledgling colony in 1828 .
D66 is a member of the Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party ( ALDE ) .
Born in the Hessian city of Darmstadt , He studied philology and theology at the universities of University of Giessen and Heidelberg , and for several years worked as a teacher in various schools .
As Layton did not have a seat in the Commons , Blaikie also served as the NDP 's parliamentary leader until the 2004 Canadian federal election .Paul Samyn , " Blaikie to lead New Democrats in Parliament , " " Winnipeg Free Press " , 28 January 2003 , A7 .
He led the NDP through the 1970 and 1974 New Brunswick general election , in which the party ran seats in most of the province 's ridings for the first time , but failed to win any seats or take the party above 3 % of the popular vote .
The Welsh leg of the trip took place on 2 June with the Pope 's arrival in Cardiff .
In the summer of 1901 the SDP united with a faction of the Socialist Labor Party of America to form the Socialist Party of America ( SPA ) .
Some very early speeches by individuals considered to be " founding figures " of the European institutions , even if they were not heads of state or government at the time , are also included ( such as Sir Winston Churchill or Robert Schuman ) .
Shaw held his seat at the 1880 United Kingdom general election , but lost an election for the party chairmanship , to Charles Stewart Parnell .
Sue Bradford introduced a private member 's bill , the Citizens Initiated Referenda ( Wording of Questions ) Amendment Bill , designed to prevent future citizens-initiated referenda from having poorly worded questions , and the National government considered adopting it .
One week before the referendum , Patricia McKenna , a Green Party MEP , successfully lodged a complaint against the government with the Supreme Court , and the advertising stopped .
On February 22 , 2014 the Ukrainian parliament installed a parliamentary commissioner to check the SBU activities , Valentyn Nalyvaichenko who the next day announced that all leadership of Security Service of Ukraine quit .
On 22 June 2018 , after being approached and supported by the People 's Liberation Party ( PLP ) , Costa was sworn in as Minister of Justice of the VIII Constitutional Government , under Prime Minister Taur Matan Ruak .
He was one of the founders of the Brazilian Socialist Party in 1947 , alongside Rubem Braga , Joel Silveira , and others .
Although outgoing Governor William F. Packer had been lauded for expanding public education and for aiding the state 's iron and glass industries through tough economic times , his reputation was tainted by a strong connection to President James Buchanan .
Carl Edvard Marius Levy ( September 10 , 1808 - December 30 , 1865 ) was professor and head of the Denmark Maternity institution in Copenhagen ( Fødsels- og Plejestiftelsen ) .
Between 2004 and 2008 a number of anti-evolution ' Academic Freedom ' bills were introduced in State legislatures in Alabama , Oklahoma , Maryland , Florida , Louisiana , Missouri and Michigan , based largely upon language drafted by the Discovery Institute .
Nine candidates contested the presidential election : incumbent President John Momis ( New Bougainville Party ) , Nick Peniai ( Bougainville Labour Party ) and Sam Akoitai ( Bougainville Islands Unity Party ) and independent candidates Justin Pokata Kira , Sam Kauona , Peter Nerau , Simon Dumarinu , Ismael Toroama and Reuben Siara .
He further married three more Nayakkar queens from Madurai , but had no children from them .
Orbán formed his second cabinet after his party , Fidesz won the outright majority in the first round on April 11 , with the Fidesz-KDNP alliance winning 206 seats , including 119 individual seats .
Unitarianism has been popular in the region of Transylvania within today 's Romania , England , and the United States .
It was also broadcast on ITV and presented by Sir Alastair Burnet , Peter Sissons and Alastair Stewart .
In 1936 PCC merged with other groups to form the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia .
It ran three official newspapers : " Der Stürmer " ( Timișoara ) , " Ost-deutscher beobachter " ( Sibiu ) and " Sachsenburg " ( Brașov ) .
, 1944 ) , p254 Cuban junta leader Fulgencio Batista had obtained the resignation of Hevia 's predecessor , Ramón Grau .
Together the brothers smuggled subversive anarchist literature into Germany from the Netherlands .
The decision to leave the PD was taken when it was clear that the party would not have let Spacca run for a third-consecutive term as President in the 2015 Marche regional election .
W.A. Muttawakil 's brother Maulvi Jalil Ahmed was for six years a Muslim cleric in the city of Quetta , Pakistan .
A son-in-law , Ian Laurance , was also a member of parliament .
In collaboration with Alexander William Doniphan , Willard Preble Hall , and David Waldo , Blair developed an American Code of Law for the region and became a judge of the newly established circuit court .
Pennsylvania voted for the Democratic nominee , Vice President Hubert Humphrey , over the Republican nominee , former Vice President Richard Nixon .
" Tim Flannery .
In 1680 , Zheng Jing was forced to abandon Xiamen , Quemoy and Dongshan after losing a major naval battle to Chinese Qing admiral Shi Lang .
In 1998 , the Democratic Progressive Party ' s Frank Hsieh won the mayoral election by a slim margin over the incumbent mayor Wu Den-yih , starting the Democratic Progressive Party ' s straight 4 terms , 16 years rule until the merger .
His political career began in 1908 New Zealand general election with his election as member for Wellington Suburbs for the New Zealand Liberal Party , but he lost his seat at the 1911 New Zealand general election to Reform candidate William Henry Dillon Bell .
After the election of 1972 the Leader of the Labour Party and Parliamentary leader of the Labour Party in the House of Representatives Joop den Uyl became Prime Minister in te Cabinet Den Uyl and Van Thijn was selected as his successor as Parliamentary leader in the House of Representatives on 11 May 1973 .
Gujranwala .
Hetty Cary and her sister and cousin made prototypes .
31 , n / p from North Africa , where it was trapped in the pro-German Vichy France colonies .
While some understood " elections have their own languages , " many Taiwanese , including former Democratic Progressive Party Chairman and former president of the Examination Yuan Yao Chia-wen , are absolutely against the ROC and insist " we need to promote the rectification our nation 's name to the Republic of Taiwan .
He was an advisor to the Constitutional Council from 1983 to 1995 , and to Georges Vedel in 1993 and Édouard Balladur in 2007 .
He was the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in Maryland against Paul Sarbanes in 1988 and Barbara Mikulski in 1992 , as well as in Illinois against Barack Obama in 2004 .
The term " Reichstag " , when used to connote a diet , dates back to the Holy Roman Empire .
The Helms-Burton Act was condemned by the Council of Europe , the European Union , United Kingdom , Canada , Mexico , Brazil , Argentina and other U.S. allies that enjoy normal trade relations with Cuba .
Adžić was born in a village of Pridvorice near Gacko , Kingdom of Yugoslavia , which is now Bosnia and Herzegovina .
However , his deeper incursions into Upper Perú led to defeats at Vilcapugio and Ayohuma , leading the Second Triumvirate to order his replacement as Commander of the Army of the North by the newly arrived José de San Martín .
The English-language debate aired Thursday , October 2 from 9 to 11 p.m. EDT , with Steve Paikin of TVOntario as moderator .
In November 2015 , solicitor Myles Jackman said that performing a sexual act with a dead animal would not be illegal under the Sexual Offences Act 2003 .
This swing ultimately resulted in Nawaz Sharif becoming the new Prime Minister of Pakistan .
Stalin was supported in his leadership by Nikolai Bukharin , but he had various important opponents in the government , most notably Lev Kamenev , Leon Trotsky and Grigory Zinoviev .
The Liberal Democrats had 16 candidates , the Green Party of England and Wales had 12 candidates and the United Kingdom Independence Party had four candidates .
The new party established relations with the Palestine Liberation Organization , and joined the PLO in 1987 .
The State Council ( ) was the supreme state advisory body to the Tsar in Russian Empire .
On 9 August Emperor Hirohito told Kōichi Kido : " The Soviet Union has declared war and today began hostilities against us .
The office of the nunciature was located in Cologne until 1795 , when France occupied the city .
The following year , the Byzantine army , led by Michael III and " caesar " Bardas , recaptured Philippopolis ( Plovdiv ) , the region of Zagora and the ports around the Gulf of Burgas on the Black Sea .
The animated film created by Lotte Reiniger premiered in Berlin in 1926 .
| Jon Huntsman Jon Huntsman Jr and John Kasich .
Japan is at war not with China but with Freemasonry ( Tiandihui ) , represented by General Chiang Kai-shek , the successor of his master , the Freemason Sun Yat-sen .
The Embassy and Permanent Mission of Bangladesh in Vienna is the diplomatic mission of Bangladesh to Austria .
Andrew Johnson , the former senator from and current military governor of Tennessee , was named as Lincoln 's vice presidential running-mate .
The rebellion 's leaders - with the exception of Paul Revere and Joseph Warren - had all left Boston by April 8 .
He represented the Osaka 8 electoral district until 2012 , when he lost to Nippon Ishin no Kai candidate Tomohiko Kinoshita .
On August 2 , 2006 , " The New York Times " wrote that , " In 1994 , Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina was said to have engaged in excessive touching of his then-freshman colleague Patty Murray of Washington .
In 1979 Butterfill contested London South East Inner at the European Parliament ary election but was defeated comfortably by Labour 's Richard Balfe .
The magazine returned after the military coup of 1976 that started the National Reorganization Process , and became almost regularly a monthly publication .
In 1959 , the Syrian section of the Baath Party dissolved to leave room for the National Union , which was the only legal party within the United Arab Republic ( a Syria-Egypt merger under Gamal Abdel Nasser ' s leadership ) .
He invited the AASU representatives including Prafulla Kumar Mahanta , President AASU and Bhrigu Kumar Phukan , general secretary AASU to Delhi in May 1985 .
Among the most famous anti-Tom books are " The Sword and the Distaff " by William Gilmore Simms , " Aunt Phillis 's Cabin " by Mary Henderson Eastman , and " The Planter 's Northern Bride " by Caroline Lee Hentz , with the last author having been a close personal friend of Stowe 's when the two lived in Cincinnati .
The Ottomans , further , gave permission for Persian pilgrims to go to the holy places of Mecca and Medina as well as to the Shia sites of pilgrimages in Iraq.Shaw , Stanford J. ( 1976 ) , " History of the Ottoman Empire and modern Turkey " , Volume 1 , p .
Separate elections are held to elect representatives at communal , national , and European Union levels .
In a career that spanned three decades , Nargis appeared in numerous commercially successful as well as critically acclaimed films , many of which featured her alongside actor Raj Kapoor .
Cotton Mather once said of Phillips that he was " better acquainted with the true congregational church-discipline than most of the ministers who came with him to this country .
She has also worked with the United Nations in the Women In Fisheries project in various capacities in Uganda , Ethiopia , Democratic Republic of the Congo and Namibia .
He is depicted as a bey provoked by Emperor Constantine XI ( Recep Aktuğ ) to rebel against the Ottoman Empire .
Whitlam offered the post of Ambassador to Ireland to a non-government senator from Queensland , Vince Gair , in the hope that this would improve Labor 's chance of gaining a majority in the Senate at the 1974 Australian federal election .
He played Dr. Laughlin in " She Wore a Yellow Ribbon " with Wayne and Joanne Dru , and appeared yet again with Wayne and Barry Fitzgerald in Ford 's " Long Voyage Home " .
Later that year , a ruling by the Investigatory Powers Tribunal found that GCHQ acted unlawfully in conducting surveillance on two human rights organisations .
Kerala Congress ( Jacob ) is a registered regional political party in the India n state of Kerala .
In the general settlement , Philip V retained Spain and its colonies , whereas Austria received the Spanish Netherlands and divided Spanish Italy with Savoy .
Further studies at University of Detroit-Mercy , in Detroit , Michigan , led to a Master 's in this area .
Five new candidates , Lui Tuck Yew , Lee Yi Shyan , Grace Fu , Teo Ser Luck and Masagos Zulkifli , along with three returning MPs , S Iswaran , Amy Khor and Zainudin Nordin , were promoted as Minister of State or Parliamentary secretaries in political office .
German President Walter Scheel and Chancellor Kurt Georg Kiesinger were both former members of the Nazi Party .
There were two Governments of the 18th Dáil , which was elected at the 1965 Irish general election held on 7 April 1965 .
The Chamber of Deputies ( ) is the lower house of the bicameral national legislature of Rwanda .
The Consulate 's district includes Jerusalem , the Gaza Strip and the West Bank .
With the arrival of the Second Spanish Republic , the unicameral parliament established its home at the Palacio de las Cortes and the constitutional debates were held at the Palacio de Cristal del Retiro .
She completed forty-two graduate hours through Southern University at Shreveport , Louisiana State University at Shreveport , and Northwestern State University in Natchitoches .
The UL-B contested the 1990 Romanian general election , receiving around 0.3 % of the vote in both the Chamber of Deputies elections and the Senate elections .
In the late 1960s , crises that tested intelligence responsiveness included : the Tet Offensive in Vietnam ; the Six-Day War between Egypt and Israel ; continuing troubles in Africa , particularly Nigeria ; North Korea ' s seizure of the ; and the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia .
He was Secretary of State in the Federal Ministry of Defence ( 2005-2006 ) , and the CDU 's candidate for Governing Mayor of Berlin in the 2006 Berlin state election .
On 15 November Opposition Bloc Yuriy Vilkul was declared winner of the second round of the mayoral elections in Kryvyi Rih .
Igbo civilization : Nri kingdom and hegemony ; London , Ethnographica , 1981 These migrations , influence of their god Ibini Ukpabi through priests , and their military power backed up by alliances with several related neighboring Igbo and eastern Cross River militarized states ( particularly Ohafia , Abam , Abiriba , Afikpo , Ekoi , etc .
Moore , who had a spotty disciplinary record at Comstock , felt the Nation of Islam was dogmatic and valued myrmidons rather than free thinkers , but he admired Malcolm X , who he felt " wasn 't just a bow tie , a talking head .
North Carolina strongly voted for the Republican nominee , President Ronald Reagan , over the Democratic nominee , Vice President Walter Mondale in a landslide .
The Mughal Empire , especially under the reign of Emperor Aurangzeb , witnessed the full establishment of sharia .
Pocan was the only openly gay member of the state Assembly after Tammy Baldwin ' s election to Congress , and one of three LGBT members of the 100th Wisconsin Legislature , alongside Sen. Tim Carpenter ( D- Milwaukee ) and bisexual Rep. JoCasta Zamarripa ( D-Milwaukee ) .
During President Ferdinand Marcos ' period of " Bagong Lipunan " ( New Society ) , Quezon City 's stature of being the nation 's capital was transferred to Manila and Greater Manila Area ( later , Metro Manila ) designated as the seat of government on June 24 , 1976 by Presidential Decree No. 940 .
The election was held simultaneously with 2011 Spanish regional elections in twelve other autonomous communities and 2011 Spanish local elections all throughout Spain .
Sukkar supported Minister for Home Affairs Peter Dutton during the Liberal leadership spill in August 2018 , and had a pivotal role in removing then-Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull .
He accidentally referred to APEC as " OPEC , " but seemed to recover and turned it into a joke ; when thanking the Australian Defence Force for its cooperation , he used the phrase " Austria n troops " ; and finally he attempted to exit the stage in the wrong direction .
" However , his relationship with France suffered when his government voiced dissatisfaction with the level of investment in uranium production when Georges Pompidou visited Niger in 1972 .
He earned a degree in law at the University of Copenhagen in 1796 .
Aghatehrani was formerly Imam of ' Islamic Institute of New York ' , a Shia mosque located in New York City .
In the 2006 Hungarian parliamentary election he defended his seat in the first round .
But Zulfikar Ali Bhutto had made no move to implement it .
He continued at this stage to be based for much of the time in the Ruhr area , serving as a member of the Communist Party district leadership team ( " " Bezirksleitung " " ) in Essen with particular responsibility for trades union matters till 1928 , which was also the year in which he was re-elected to the Prussian Landtag , in which he served till 1933 .
Four years later , the same issue , the relationship of George H. W. Bush and Jennifer Fitzgerald , would be briefly rehashed during the 1992 campaign against Bill Clinton , who had his own extramarital affair rumors .
The next year , he was elected Mayor in the 1994 municipal election and remained in the position until 1997 , when East York and the other component municipalities of Metropolitan Toronto were merged into the single municipality of the city of Toronto .
He wanted to seek the Reform Party of Canada nomination for a 1995 by-election in Brome - Missisquoi , Quebec but his candidacy was rejected by the party.Peter O 'Neil , " Reform party chooses its first Quebec candidate , " " Toronto Star " , 8 January 1995 , A7 .
The district included the Cities of Candiac and La Prairie , the Municipality of Saint-Philippe , and the City of Brossard .
The unsuccessful first attempt to publish " Oceana " was officially censored by Lord Protector Oliver Cromwell ( 1599-1658 ) .
Moreover , publication of his book and a trip to Argentina in order to conduct archival research were both blocked .
He was supported by the Japanese politician Tōten Miyazaki .
Two other candidates , former parliamentary group leader Muharrem İnce and a former Kars parliamentary candidate Şahmar Dalmış declared their candidacy for the party leadership .
In the center , Maj. Gen. John C. Breckinridge ordered his men to begin fortifying the crest of Missionary Ridge , a task that Bragg had somehow neglected for weeks .
Outside of traditional legal academic circles , he also wrote a regular column , " OutRight , " for several gay publications across the United States .
Socialist Area ( , AS ) is a social democratic political party in Italy , founded in October 2015 .
Creagh was defeated at the 2019 United Kingdom general election by the Conservative candidate Imran Ahmad-Khan .
The conspirators met for the final time at 7p.m. Booth assigned Lewis Powell to kill Secretary of State William H. Seward at his home , George Atzerodt to kill Vice President Andrew Johnson at the Kirkwood Hotel , and David E. Herold to guide Powell ( who was unfamiliar with Washington ) to the Seward house and then to a rendezvous with Booth in Maryland .
He contested the state constituency of Tranquerah , Malacca and won twice in 1986 Malaysian general election and 1990 Malaysian general election to become its assemblyman from 1986 to 1995 before switching to contest the state seat of Bandar Hilir , Malacca in 1995 Malaysian general election and won again in the 1999 Malaysian general election thus became its assemblyman from 1995 until 2004 .
It was formed , with Chinese backing , shortly after Sihanouk had been deposed in the Cambodian coup of 1970 ; the Khmer Rouge insurgents had until that point been fighting Sihanouk 's " Sangkum " regime .
The CBS series CSI : Crime Scene Investigation is headlined by Ted Danson and Elisabeth Shue , playing former Seattle PD Detectives D.B. Russell and Julie Finlay , both forensic specialists .
After the Meiji Restoration , he studied at the law school of Tokyo Imperial University , specializing in his post-graduate curriculum in commercial law , and in 1886 , soon after graduation , worked in Yokohama as a trial lawyer and judge in commercial cases .
It was then part of Assyria , with the last surviving Assyrian imperial records , from between 604 BC and 599 BC , were found in and around the Assyrian city of Dūr-Katlimmu .Assyria 1995 : Proceedings of the 10th Anniversary Symposium of the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project / Helsinki , September 7-11 , 1995 .
Following Russia 's banning from the 2018 Winter Olympics and the stripping of medals from multiple Russian athletes , in February 2018 , Prokorov agreed to finance a defamation lawsuit in New York against Grigory Rodchenkov , the former mastermind behind Russia 's state sponsored Olympic doping program .
Agribusinessman and fellow Democrat Bob Odom of Zachary in East Baton Rouge Parish , who had worked in three positions under Pearce and was thereafter fired from the department by Dozier , defeated both Dozier and Pearce , who made his last comeback attempt for the office which he had held from 1952 to 1956 and again from 1960 to 1976 .
Democrat Anna Eshoo , who had represented the 18th district since 2013 and previously represented the 14th district from 1993 to 2013 , won re-election .
He placed a surprising fourth out of seven candidates , ahead of the Green Party of Canada candidate .
In September 2012 , the House of Representatives rejected a bill introduced by Australian Labor Party MP Stephen Jones aimed at legalising same-sex marriage by 98 votes to 42 .
At the University of Yaoundé , she graduated with a bachelor 's degree in English Literature in 1973 .
After the 2009 Greek legislative election , Petalotis was appointed Deputy Minister to the Prime Minister and Government Spokesman .
Ultimately former Vice President Richard Nixon , with 47.46 % of the popular vote , won Nevada more substantially than predicted by the last polls , though by less than thought likely in September and early October .
From the establishment in 1972 until 1997 the agency was led by Fredrik Hagemann , from then until 2007 by Gunnar Berge , when Bente Nyland took over .
On the Committee on Foreign Affairs , she served as her parliamentary group 's rapporteur on relations to Turkey .
Henry John Bear became a member of the Green Party in the same year as Chapman , giving the Maine Green Independent Party and GPUS its second currently-serving state representative , though Bear is a nonvoting tribal member of the Maine House of Representatives .
Afterward , after praising participant Minnesota U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar before a live MSNBC studio audience , he launched into what " Rolling Stone " characterized as an on-air " unbelievable post-debate rant " against Vermont U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders .
Subsequently , he was connected with George Ripley ' s utopian movement at Brook Farm , after which he met several transcendentalist s including Orestes Brownson , Elizabeth Peabody and Ralph Waldo Emerson .
Following the 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in Oklahoma , a Democratic Kendra Horn ousted a Republican incumbent , changing the congressional delegation to a 4-1 Republican majority .
On February 3 , 1993 she was demoted to junior position in cabinet as Associate Minister of Health assisting Minister of Health Ruth Grier .
On April 13 , 2020 after Bernie Sanders dropped out of the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primary , Gray stated on Twitter that she would not endorse the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden .
The government , led by Prime Minister Plamen Oresharski , is one of technocrat s created following the 2013 election .
The Army stationed Jefferson Davis , later president of the Confederate States of America , and more than 100 other West Point cadets at the fort .
Because the name of the party in Hebrew is " Kulanu Haverim Na Nach , " they objected to the use of the first word by Moshe Kahlon ' s Kulanu party .
The 1928 New Zealand general election put the United Party ( a remnant of the Liberals ) in government for the last time .
Trotsky argued that the defeat of the German working class and the coming to power of Hitler in 1933 was due in part to the mistakes of the Third Period policy of the Communist International and that the subsequent failure of the Communist Parties to draw the correct lessons from those defeats showed that they were no longer capable of reform and a new international organisation of the working class must be organised .
After the 1959 elections the KVP formed a centre-right cabinet with ARP , CHU and VVD , led by KVP member Jan de Quay .
At times , that caused friction , such as when both British and Portuguese explorers claimed the Shire Highlands ( located in modern Malawi ) , but for the most part Great Britain supported the Portuguese position in exchange for incorporating Portugal 's holdings into the British economic sphere .
Matilda bore him three sons , one called Otto , and two daughters , Hedwig and Gerberga , and founded many religious institutions , including the Quedlinburg Abbey where Henry is buried .
New York was won by the Republican nominees , former Governor William McKinley of Ohio and his running mate corporate lawyer Garret Hobart of New Jersey .
As soon as she became foreign minister , she invited Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi , Canadian Foreign Minister Stephane Dion and Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni in April and Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in May and discussed to have good diplomatic relationships with these countries .
This initiative crumbled in October , when other Council representatives , rejecting the implication that " all Jews are communists , " refused to join Petru Groza ' s National Democratic Front .Crăciun , pp. 173-174 From September 1944 , Labour Zionism was taken up in Romania by Ihud , which immediately signed up to the National Democratic Front 's platform and , internationally , acted as a section of Mapai .
According to pollster John Zogby , a self-described Democrat , " Nader 's presence in the race can potentially turn a lulu of a race into an absolute tizzy .
John was educated at Irvine Grammar School alongside Henry Eckford , who was a lifetime friend , and William Spence .
" It was also known as the party of the Oligarchs , the position previously identified with another political party , Democratic Choice of Russia .
" The fifth Supreme Court Judge , Menis Ketchum , had already pled guilty to wire fraud and resigned .
The protest was part of the anti-globalisation movement , and closely modeled after the 1999 World Trade Organization protests in Seattle .
In the 2001 Fijian general election the party gained less than 0.1 percent of the popular vote and won no constituencies .
Drahoš wants the Czech Republic to play an active role in discussions over the future of the European Union , and wants the country to be a part of the Western world .
After attending school in The Hague , he went to study political science at the University of Amsterdam , where he obtained a Bachelor of Social Science and a Master of Social Science in 1970 .
She also holds the Diploma in Project Planning and Management , obtained in 2000 , from Uganda Management Institute ( UMI ) .
Today Tammela is known of the Tammelantori Market Square and the Tammelan Stadion .
He was posted to British Raj , and promoted major on 1 May 1892 .
After the war he left the service and studied at Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg , but returned to the army in 1873 with his old regiment .
In 2004 , 37 Members of the European Parliament ( MEPs ) from the UK , Poland , Denmark and Sweden founded a new European Parliament group called " Independence and Democracy " from the old Europe of Democracies and Diversities ( EDD ) group .
" Trippi further explained the apparent snub of Dean by stating , " You don 't have to look any further than Rahm Emanuel .
In turn , Ottokar appointed Vladislaus , Prince of Brno and Znojmo since 1191 , a Margraviate of Moravia with the consent of Emperor Henry VI .
Lars Mikael Damberg ( born 13 October 1971 ) is a Swedish politician of the Swedish Social Democratic Party .
In referring to an individual lawmaker in their capacity of serving in the United States Congress , a bicameral legislature , the term " Member of Congress " is used less often than other terms in the United States .
Astronaut Jay Buckey MD , Portsmouth Mayor Steve Marchand , and Katrina Swett , ( wife of former Congressman Richard Swett ) , had announced their candidacies but withdrew in favor of former governor Jeanne Shaheen upon her entrance into the race .
It is located in eastern mainland Tokyo and covers central parts of the former city of Tokyo .
Either a Sinn Fein all-Ireland republic or a Vanguard Unionist Progressive Party -style Ulster republic would lead to disaster for all our people .
It included many of de Gaulle 's Free French associates such as Gaston Palewski , Claude Guy , Claude Mauriac and Jacques Soustelle , together with members of the main parties , which included the Socialists and a new Christian Democratic Party , the MRP under the leadership of Georges Bidault , who served as Foreign Minister .
The city of Berlin was placed under the control of the four powers .
It co-stars Nick Nolte , Adrien Brody , George Clooney , John Cusack , Woody Harrelson , Elias Koteas , Jared Leto , John C. Reilly and John Travolta .
In 1924 , after a voyage to the South Seas , the " Buford " was chartered for three months by silent film comedian Buster Keaton for use as the principal set of his film " The Navigator " .Los Angeles Times , " Deep Sea Comedy , " May 11 , 1924 , pg .
It is endemic to Madagascar .
As a result Binet joined with Gaston-Armand Amaudruz in a second meeting that same year in Zurich to set up a second group pledged to wage war on communists and non- white people .
At one all-candidates meeting , Thomas defended Canada 's immigration levels against calls from a Reform Party of Canada candidate that they be cut in half ( " Toronto Star " , 19 October 1993 ) .
In an interview , director Jordan Susman commented that inspirations for the film included " " Animal House " , " Battle of Algiers " , and " Duck Soup " ... Everywhere Chico Marx and Harpo Marx went , anarchy ensued .
It has been noted that Marsden had died on 28 October 1920 ; the Britons ceased publication of the first imprint which Norman Cohn states came out in 1921 .
The outgoing administration was a coalition government of Fine Gael and the Labour Party .
He was a member of the Civic Forum and joined the right-wing Civic Democratic Party after its foundation in 1991 .
She was Liberal candidate for the Finchley ( the seat of the then Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher ) at the 1983 General Election , finishing third.British parliamentary election results 1974-1983 , Craig , F.W.S. She was Liberal candidate for the Epsom and Ewell at the 1987 General Election , finishing second .
It was while a member of the European Parliament that Coates was in contact with Vadim Zagladin , one of Mikhail Gorbachev ' s advisors , about the idea of a joint meeting between the European Parliament and the Supreme Soviet .
McLucas was an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian Senate representing Queensland from 1999 to 2016 .
He unsuccessfully contested the election of William Clayton Anderson to the Thirty-sixth Congress losing in a race that at one time was tied but at the time Congress started session was decided by 3 votes .
Greene favoured market-value assessment reforms for Metro Toronto properties , and criticized provincial Treasurer Darcy McKeough for backing away from this proposal in 1978 .
He was a son of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and , following his death in 2011 , was described as an emerging leader within the group .
Kondylis took over the premiership , and later that day forced President Alexandros Zaimis to resign .
A friendly attitude towards the Switzerland at the Diet was something he later changed , calling Huldrych Zwingli ' s doctrine of the Lord 's Supper " an impious dogma .
The famous composer Aaron Copland celebrated his bar mitzvah there in 1913 , and long-time Goldman Sachs head Sidney Weinberg was married there in 1920 .
Under the Reform Act 1832 the constituency was split into two two-member divisions , for Parliamentary purposes , at the 1832 United Kingdom general election .
In July 2014 , Renato Bondal , a defeated mayoral candidate in the 2013 Makati local elections , filed plunder cases against Makati mayor .
Konrad , who became after the war a deputy of the Bundestag from 1969 to 1980 as a member of Willy Brandt ' s Social Democratic Party of Germany , had already been indicted by the Italian justice in 1967 and 1972 , but the complaints had been classified AGI , " La strage nazista di San Polo - il tribunale militare di la spezia assolve Handsk " , 27 February 2007
The Conservative Party of Virginia was a United States political party in the state of Virginia during the mid 20th century .
In one he made a gaffe by suggesting that the mortgage interest rate could be cut to 3 % ; the Conservative Chancellor of the Exchequer Reginald Maudling was quick to capitalise on this and ask how much it would cost .
On April 19 , 1775 , the American Revolutionary War began with the Battles of Lexington and Concord in the Kingdom of Great Britain Province of Massachusetts Bay .
From 1970 to 1971 , the Government Communications Headquarters ( GCHQ ) of United Kingdom began to operate a secret signal station at Morwenstow , near Bude in Cornwall , England .
California was considered a Republican stronghold in the post-World War II era , electing Republican governors Earl Warren and Goodwin Knight , as well as senators Richard Nixon , William Knowland , and Thomas Kuchel .
The general election was between the Democratic incumbent Mike Easley and the Republican nominee Patrick J. Ballantine .
The current representative is Todd Muller of the New Zealand National Party , first elected at the
Labour chose Gareth Snell , a member of Newcastle-under-Lyme Borough Council , to defend their seat .
In 1948 , she graduated from Barnard College of Columbia University after she received her associate degree from Stephens College ( then only a two-year institution ) in Columbia , Missouri .
Additionally , Alek D. Epstein authored the book " Oscar Rabine : A Life Captured on Canvas " dedicated to the prominent Russian-Jewish painter Oscar Rabine who has lived and worked in France since the 1970s .
The current Mayor is Sergio Giordani a centre-left independent , who took office on 28 June 2017 .
Later in that year , after the remains of Corneliu Zelea Codreanu were discovered at Jilava ( and the conclusion was drawn that he had been murdered on the orders of King Carol ) , Madgearu and Nicolae Iorga were among the victims of a wave of assassination s carried out in reprisal .
Schacht was born in Tingleff , Schleswig-Holstein , Kingdom of Prussia , German Empire ( now in Denmark ) to William Leonhard Ludwig Maximillian Schacht and baroness Constanze Justine Sophie von Eggers , a native of Denmark .
Percy Lee Gassaway ( August 30 , 1885 - May 15 , 1937 ) was an United States politician and a U.S. Representative from Oklahoma .
A close associate of the political leader Luis Muñoz Marín , who became Puerto Rico 's first elected governor in 1949 and helped achieve a locally drafted Constitution in 1952 , Benítez was part of the Constitutional Convention and collaborated in the drafting of the Bill of Human Rights included in the new Constitution , which recognized citizens ' social and economic rights as well as their human rights , as well as the initial draft of the Constitution 's Preamble .
Several eminent personalities , including Mahatma Gandhi and Swami Vivekananda , have visited the hall .
During the events of the Prague Spring , Gomułka was one of the key leaders of the Warsaw Pact and supported Poland 's participation in the invasion of Czechoslovakia in August 1968 .
99. was a Slovenian politician and diplomat who was Prime Minister of Slovenia from 1978 to 1980 , and Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ' s ambassador to the United Nations .
On 2 December 2004 , Aigars Kalvītis became the new Prime Minister and thus head of the government .
State Senator David Cappiello was the Republican candidate .
In addition to new subjects such as English and science , Zhou was also exposed to the writings of reformers and radicals such as Liang Qichao , Kang Youwei , Chen Tianhua , Zou Rong and Zhang Binglin .Lee 25-26Barnouin and Yu 13-14 At the age of fourteen , Zhou declared that his motivation for pursuing education was to " become a great man who will take up the heavy responsibilities of the country in the future .
Nagorno-Karabakh is integrated to Armenia , which also maintains close cooperation with Russia .
As an undergraduate student at University of Science and Technology of China in Hefei , Liu met Fang Lizhi , a pro-democracy activist .
" Jimmy Carter became President of the United States and he raised the issue of human rights in Iran .
The Canadian left-wing became a major priority for intelligence services in the RCMP during the period between the two world wars , particularity focusing on the Communist Party of Canada ( CPC ) .
The kidnapping of Alexandra Măceșanu happened in Caracal , Olt County , Romania on 25 July 2019 .
In October 2012 , Free Gaza Movement founder , Greta Berlin was accused of being antisemitic following a controversial tweet , originating from her Facebook account , and published under the account of the Free Gaza Movement .
On November 1 , 2006 , she was elected Member of the House of Assembly ( MHA ) for the district of Signal Hill-Quidi Vidi , and re-elected the following year in the 2007 Newfoundland and Labrador general election , and again in 2011 Newfoundland and Labrador general election .
In 1997 , the Annex received the Citation Award from the American Institute of Architects Committee on Architecture for Justice .
On 27 March 2013 , protestors from Ballyhea and neighbouring Charleville arrived in Brussels to meet members of the European Parliament ' s Economic and Monetary Affairs committee , including chairman Sharon Bowles .
However , the 2015 Italian regional elections were another success for the LN , especially in Veneto , where Zaia was handily re-elected with 50.1 % of the vote ( Tosi got 11.9 % ) and the combined score of party 's and Zaia 's personal lists was 40.9 % .
The Embassy of Iran in London is the diplomatic mission of Iran in the United Kingdom .
In October 1934 he was appointed Governor-General of the Belgian Congo .
Parliamentary elections were held in Greece on The result was a landslide victory for Eleftherios Venizelos and his Liberal Party , which won 187 of the 316 seats in Parliament .
This fighting sparked the North Yemen Civil War , and created a new front in the Arab Cold War , in which Egypt assisted the YAR with troops and supplies to combat forces loyal to the imamate , while the monarchies of Saudi Arabia and Jordan supported Badr 's royalist forces opposing the newly formed republic .
At the same time , her father was serving time in prison for having made a critical remark to an employee about Adolf Hitler .
He studied Law at the University of London , and was called to the bar in 1952 .
Once the Assyria ns had appointed Necho I as king and left Egypt , Tantamani marched down the Nile from Nubia and reoccupied all of Egypt including Memphis .
Brookfield had been MP for Rye since 1885 United Kingdom general election but he resigned in order to take up the post of HM Consul in Montevideo .The Times , 5 March 1903 p4
Jackie Chan ( born 1954 ) is a Chinese actor , action choreographer , film director , producer , martial artist , comedian , screenwriter , singer and stunt performer from Hong Kong .
Veltroni , a professional journalist , was editor-in-chief of " L 'Unità " , the newspaper of the Democratic Party of the Left from 1992-1996 .
This situation lasted until Liberal leader Russell MacLellan resigned from the legislature , and the party lost his seat to the governing PCs .
Saitō Makoto and Kazushige Ugaki both served two nonconsecutive terms as governor-general .
Gates , along with former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and other Republican former foreign policy officials , recommended to incoming President Donald Trump Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson to be considered for the Trump Administration as Secretary of State .
The Deputy Prime Minister of Solomon Islands is the Solomon Islands ' secondary Head of Government appointed by the .
Fianna Fáil Leader Micheál Martin claimed it " stunk to high heaven " and quipped " with the greatest of respect , Máire Whelan is no Frank Clarke , is no Adrian Hardiman , and is no Donal O 'Donnell .
In 1970 , Parasiuk returned to Winnipeg , Manitoba , and began work with the Provincial Government of Manitoba .
The party surprised commentators by winning five seats in the Chamber and one seat in the Senate 2007 Belgian federal election , and eight seats in the 2009 Belgian regional elections .
In the late 1990s a rift inside the ruling Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro came out .
The party , led by Norbert Hofer since September 2019 , is a member of the Identity and Democracy group in the European Parliament , as well as of the Identity and Democracy Party .
In 1998 , Prime Minister Mitchell and the NDP were returned to power for an unprecedented fourth term but only with a slim margin of eight seats to seven seats for the Unity Labour Party ( ULP ) .
He represented Pennsylvania in the United States Senate and served as United States Secretary of War under President Abraham Lincoln at the start of the American Civil War .
In 1940 , before and after the Fall of France , Pershing was an outspoken advocate of aid for the United Kingdom during World War II .
On 6 April 2020 , new Labour leader Keir Starmer appointed Miliband Shadow Business Secretary , succeeding Rebecca Long-Bailey .
She is a member of the Liberal National Party of Queensland , and sits with the Liberal Party of Australia in parliament .
" No " is a 2012 internationally co-produced historical drama film directed by Pablo Larraín .
Among the Jewish communists , Ana Pauker pleaded with her colleagues to " let my people go " ; other PCR leaders , " backed by anti-Semites , were glad to get rid of the Jews and to inherit their jobs , apartments and belongings .
There are churches in Australia - Brisbane and Perth - and in UK , London .
83 B-52 Stratofortress heavy bombers were located at U-Tapao RTAFB and at Andersen Air Force Base , Guam .Tilford , pp. 223-224 .
In spring 892 , With Sun 's numerically superior army pressuring him , Yang considered abandoning Xuan Prefecture and withdrawing to Tongguan ( 銅官 , in modern Tongling , Anhui ) .
The National Association of Parliamentarians have partnered with some of these organizations .
During the premiership of Rodmond Roblin ( 1900-1915 ) , the department became especially powerful as a tool of government patronage .
Later , Boris graduated from the Military School in Sofia , then took part in the Balkan Wars .
The Republicans , with a majority of 14 on joint ballot , were anxious to fill the seat , to have a maximum of support for President Abraham Lincoln in the U.S. Senate during the ongoing American Civil War .
Špidla entered local politics in his hometown of Jindřichův Hradec after the Velvet Revolution , joining the re-established Czech Social Democratic Party ( ČSSD , then called " Czechoslovak Social Democracy " ) .
He left Maj. Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman in command of most of the western armies .
State Senator Cliff Branan and former Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives and nominee for Lieutenant Governor in 2006 Todd Hiett ran for the Republican nomination .
One of those vessels was the Midnight Express fast boat , meant to take the CANF leader at the time , Jorge Mas Canosa to Cuba if a power struggle erupted or the missions were successful .
Largely as a result of the sustained surge in support for right-wing populism , there was a growing belief among thoughtful left-wing politicians that the Nazi Party would only be kept out of power if the left could present a united front .
Arnold 's expedition was a success in that he was able to bring a body of troops to the gates of Quebec City .
Rockefeller is related to several Republican Party supporters and former officeholders : his paternal grandmother Abby Aldrich Rockefeller ( 1874 - 1948 ) was a daughter of Rhode Island Senator Nelson W. Aldrich ( 1841 - 1915 ) .
Pennington appointed a pro-tariff Republican majority to the Ways and Means Committee , with John Sherman of Ohio its chairman .
Following the 2003 elections , in which Brailovsky retained his seat , Shinui joined Ariel Sharon ' s Thirtieth government of Israel .
This category is wide-ranging , including civil liberties groups such as Liberty , Amnesty International , the League Against Cruel Sports , Countryside Alliance , the Institute for Public Policy Research and Policy Exchange .
Moreover , Communist priorities shifted from the industrial to the political arena , where they fielded candidates and supported Cooperative Commonwealth Federation candidates , while others joined the Mackenzie-Papineau Battalion to fight Francisco Franco fascists in the Spanish Civil War .
Iran 's ties with Turkey , particularly after the rise of the Justice and Development Party led by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan were enhanced .
West Calgary was created from the old Calgary electoral district .
To avoid isolation , and to strengthen the royal position against the power of the aristocracy , he maintained friendly relations with the Chinese dynasties of Chen , Northern Qi and Sui .
The Family Research Council started a boycott of CPAC over the invitation .
Fox was appointed as Secretary of State for Defence in the cabinet of David Cameron on 12 May 2010 and that weekend flew out to Afghanistan with the Foreign Secretary , William Hague , and the International Development Secretary , Andrew Mitchell , to see first hand the issues facing the troops based there .
Like most Protestant pastors , Niemöller was a national conservative , and openly supported the conservative opponents of the Weimar Republic .
Stalin then sought to check the further development of Fascism , and the threat posed by Germany , by a new emphasis on political unity in Popular Fronts , paralleled by an attempt to advance notions of collective security through the League of Nations .
Jon Favreau ( speechwriter ) | Jon Favreau moderates a mock " Trump vs. Bernie " debate with Anthony Atamanuik as Donald Trump and James Adomian as Bernie Sanders .
ACM recruited Tony Abbott as its first full-time executive director , although his membership also ceased following pre-selection as a Liberal candidate for election to the Federal Parliament in March 1996 .
Alhurra is operated by the Middle East Broadcasting Networks ( MBN ) , which also operates Radio Sawa .
On August 7 , 2003 Garamendi announced his candidacy for governor a third time in the gubernatorial recall election , but dropped out two days later to endorse Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante .
His position on suffrage also led to a conflict within the ARP : a group around Alexander de Savornin Lohman was opposed on principle to universal suffrage because they rejected popular sovereignty ; they left the ARP to found the CHU in 1901 .
On 7 June , called " Black Wednesday " by Horace Walpole , the riot reached its climax .
Wagner defeated the Republican nominee , lawyer and Postmaster of New York City , Harold Riegelman , as well as the Liberal Party of New York nominee , New York City Council President Rudolph Halley .
In 995 , as Óláfr Tryggvason seized power as King of Norway , Eric was forced into exile in Sweden .
Hackney London Borough Council is the local government authority for the London Borough of Hackney , London , England , one of 32 London borough councils .
After 1922 Rosenfeld 's was positioned firmly on the left wing of the SPD , together with colleagues such as Paul Levi and Max Seydewitz .
After a bitter fight , Pat Buchanan secured the Reform Party nomination over John Hagelin of the Natural Law Party .
After his undergraduate work he spent a year at the Pontifical Institute of Medieval Studies with Étienne Gilson in Toronto then two years at the École Pratique des Hautes Études with in Paris .
Osraige was atypical , much larger than this , covering perhaps 2000 square kilometres astride the River Barrow in the modern counties of Kilkenny , Laois , and Offaly .
The AEC has a National Office in Canberra and an office in each State and Territory : Adelaide , Brisbane , Darwin , Hobart , Melbourne , Perth and Sydney .
During the reign of Emperor Yang , because Emperor Yang 's wife Empress Xiao was a sister of Emperor Jing 's , her relatives were generally given governmental offices , and Xiao Xian was made the county magistrate of Luochuan ( 羅川 , in modern Yueyang , Hunan ) .
Delegates at the December 1942 party convention drafted Liberal-Progressive Manitoba Premier John Bracken , who was not even a member of the party , to be the new leader .
Other consequences were the possession of the Czech royal crow n in the hands of the House of Habsburg ( now hereditary ) , which meant another nearly 300 years of their domination .
America was perceived by many to be weakening as a world power while the Soviet Union was perceived to be strengthening and expanding .
In the interest of maintaining unity , politicians had mostly moderated opposition to slavery , resulting in numerous compromises such as the Missouri Compromise of 1820 under the presidency of James Monroe .
In May 2012 he won the party election and became the fourth president of HDZ , succeeding former Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor .
Eventually , the PSOE would not be seriously challenged until 1993 Spanish general election , when they were reduced to a minority government , remaining in power for another 3 years until 1996 Spanish general election .
Harper did some of his most acclaimed work in Jordan Walker-Pearlman ' s " The Visit " ( 2000 ) , an independent drama in which he starred as a prisoner dying of AIDS who tries to put his life back together.Scott , A. O. ( December 15 , 2000 ) .
In 1988 he was elected to the Knesset on the Agudat Yisrael list .
Fonlon was of the Nso people , born in Kumbo , Northwest Province , and was educated at Christ the King College in Nigeria , then entered the Bigard Memorial Seminary with the intent of going into the priesthood .
In Uzbekistan , even though citizens are issued a single passport , severe restrictions on movement within the country apply , particularly in the capital Tashkent .
She and John Waihe 'e III were both 1964 graduates of the private Seventh-day Adventist education Hawaiian Mission Academy .
In March 1975 , two months after the elections , the party joined the " " United Parties coalition " " with the Social Action Party , the Thai Nation Party , and four minor parties under the premiership of Kukrit Pramoj .
A member of the Samarkand clan , he was considered to be one of the leading potential successors to Islam Karimov as President of Uzbekistan .
The Union for National Progress ( UPRONA ) won 10 , while the National Council for the Defense of Democracy ( CNDD ) , a breakaway faction of the CNDD-FDD , won 4 .
Following the 2018 Luxembourg general election , he became the first openly gay prime minister in the world to be re-elected for a second term .
The conflict has resulted in a large number of both civilian deaths and refugees , with many refugees fleeing to neighbouring countries such as Thailand , China , India , and Bangladesh .
In April , he joined the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and began collaboration with their newspaper , the " Pravda " .
The Republican Party leadership endorsed the candidacy of State Senator Ben Bagert , who was picked over Secretary of State W. Fox McKeithen , State Representative Quentin Dastugue and State Representative David Duke .
On 30 August 2005 , Rugova left Kosovo and went to the United States Air Force Landstuhl Military Hospital in Germany for medical treatment after earlier treatment in Pristina and Camp Bondsteel , the main US base in Kosovo and the second-biggest in Europe .
He was the 33rd Governor of Virginia , serving from 1856 to 1860 , and the last Eastern Shore Governor until Ralph Northam was elected in 2017 .Vaughn , Carol ; .
Barack Obama recounts his life up to his enrollment in Harvard Law School in 1988 .
Sharon was elected Israeli Prime Minister 6 February 2001 in the 2001 Israeli prime ministerial election .
Correspondence between Theodore Rothstein , As part of his peace making efforts , Rothstein had also sent a message to the Soviet officers among Ehsanollah Khan 's one thousand strong force that had made its way towards Qazvin , not to obey his orders and as a result that campaign was defeated .
He served as the Acting President of Kenya between 5 and 8 October 2014 when President Uhuru Kenyatta was at the Hague .
Henry Challinor won the resulting by-election on 12 January 1861 .
In the 2003 Icelandic parliamentary election , the Progressive Party received 17.2 % of the vote and 12 seats in the Althing .
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi used the term in reference to the commitments made by the Soviet Union through the Declaration of Delhi of two years previous .
Leaders , including US President Bush , Chinese President Hu Jintao and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed trade , climate change , energy security , counter-terrorism and anti-corruption policy for the Asia Pacific .
) as well as conservative Christian leaders Phyllis Schlafly , Rod Parsley , Gary Bauer , Janet Parshall and Alan Keyes .
William Joseph " Bill " Denny , ( 6 December 1872 - 2 May 1946 ) was a South Australia n journalist , lawyer , politician and decorated soldier who held the South Australian House of Assembly seats of West Adelaide from 1900 to 1902 and then Adelaide from 1902 to 1905 and again from 1906 to 1933 .
Some 418 returned the survey forms , with 410 supporting the Loyalists to the Second Spanish Republic , 7 professing neutrality , and only one - Gertrude Atherton - supporting General Francisco Franco and his nationalist forces .
He then served the remainder of his term as an independent MP and after the 1992 United Kingdom general election was made a life peer , nominated by then Conservative Prime Minister , John Major , with the title " Baron Owen , of the City of Plymouth , " { { London Gazette
The Japanese government also sent Yabanuka as a delegate to China to discuss issues of natural gas reserves under the East China Sea .The China Post ( 2008 ) .
In 554 , rival Western Wei attacked Jiangling and captured it , executing Emperor Yuan around the new year 555 .
His early retirement is thought to be a result of his taking responsibility for the Camp Doha ( Kuwait ) explosion
This would later be called the Binnenhof ( " Inner Court " ) and was the beginning of the city of The Hague .
When chaos broke out in central and northern China in the 180s and 190s , Liu Yao fled south to the Huainan region ( present-day central Anhui ) .
His forces succeeded in establishing several states in the Sudan to the east of Futa Toro , but the French under Major Louis Faidherbe prevented him from including Futa Toro into his empire .
The Liberal Party of Australia - National Party of Australia Coalition was defending three seats .
The modern reservation era in Native American history began with the adoption of the Native American Church and Christianity by nearly every Native American tribe and culture within the United States and Canada as a result of Parker and Wilson 's efforts .
Dixon ran for re-election in the new electoral district of Calgary-Millican for the 1971 Alberta general election .
She married Inge Ryan from the Socialist Left Party in 2005 .
Within four months of Salomon 's presidency , Haiti an refugees from Kingston were in contact with the elite community in Port-au-Prince in order to stage a coup .
Boies Penrose was re-elected by the Pennsylvania General Assembly to the United States Senate .
The Social Democratic Party ( SDP ) candidate , representing the SDP-Liberal Alliance , was Rod Kenyon .
Jonathan Steinberg has suggested that if the Schlieffen Plan had worked , and produced a decisive German victory , like the Franco-Prussian War of 1870 , the " Septemberprogramm " would have been implemented , thus establishing German hegemony in Europe .
A reviewer for " Variety " did not spare the actress in his review : " With everyone in Hollywood bragging about the tremendous overflow of charming young women all battering upon the directorial doors leading to an appearance in pictures , it seems strange that from all these should have been selected two flat specimens such as Jean Arthur and Jane Winton .
Issa Kalantari ( , born 1952 in Marand , East Azerbaijan ) is an Iranian politician and the current head of Department of Environment .
The Hoover Institution Archives , Wisconsin Historical Society and the Bancroft Library at the University of California have collections of Mandel 's papers .
He ran for the Parliament of Pakistan in General elections of 2008 Pakistani general election from ( NA-268 ) Kalat-cum-Mastung on Pakistan Peoples Party ticket .
Helen Zille left the mayorship the same year to take up the position of premier of the Western Cape , and Dan Plato became mayor .
John Jacob Riley ( February 1 , 1895 - January 1 , 1962 ) was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina , husband of Corinne Boyd Riley .
It includes most of St. Louis ' s southern and western suburbs as well as some of the northern exurbs in St. Charles County and the northern portion of Jefferson County .
John V 's reign saw the rise of Portugal and its monarchy to new levels of prosperity , wealth , and prestige among European courts .
" Monthly Review " became steadily more critical of the Soviet Union in the 1960s and 1970s , with editor Paul Sweezy objecting to the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 and the suppression of the Polish trade union " Solidarity " through martial law in 1981 .
It was based in Putnam , Connecticut , United States and was founded on May 10 , 1933.Oberlander , p .
The coronation regalia like the throne and sceptre of Dagobert I or crown and sword of Charlemagne were kept in the Basilica of Saint-Denis near Paris and the liturgical instruments in Reims like the Holy Ampulla and Chalice , where they are still partly preserved as well as in the Louvre and other Parisians museums .
Clann na Poblachta , which had been in the First Inter-Party Government ( 1948-51 ) with these parties , supported the government but did form part of it .
As the Great Depression began , Price could soon see that Governor John G. Pollard , a member of the Byrd Organization selected by Harry F. Byrd as his successor , was cutting state employees ' salaries rather than taking advantage of the programs created by President Franklin D. Roosevelt , although a fellow Democrat .
The traditional " Cape Qualified Franchise " system of the Cape Colony was based on property and wage qualifications , equally open to people of all races .
Deng Xiaoping ( 22 August 1904 - 19 February 1997 ) was a Chinese politician who was the paramount leader of the China from 1978 until his retirement in 1992 .
Air Zaïre was the national airline of Zaire .
Bassett did not contest the 1990 New Zealand general election , and retired from active politics .
In 1990 , Douglas Wilder of Virginia became the first African-American governor of any state since the Reconstruction era .
He was educated at the Colégio Militar from 1883 to 1888 .
Timișoara was the first city to react on 16 December and civil unrest continued for five days .
He was also a bar reviewer in Constitutional Law at the National Bar Review Consortium ( 2003-2008 ) , a lecturer in Constitutional Law and Project Finance at the Ateneo Law School and Far Eastern University Institute of Law , a Trustee of the Philippine Judicial Academy , a member of the Supreme Court Committee on Legal Education and Bar Matters , a member of the Governing Board of the Mandatory Continuing Legal Education Office , Vice President for Academic Affairs of the Philippine Constitution Association , as well as director and corporate secretary of the British Chamber of Commerce
The National Front was a far-right political party in Switzerland that flourished during the 1930s .
The elections resulted in the defeat of the Vladimír Mečiar government and the election of Mikuláš Dzurinda as Prime Minister .
It was controlled by a Liberal Party of Canada majority , led first by Prime Minister Jean Chrétien and the 26th Canadian Ministry , and then by Prime Minister Paul Martin and the 27th Canadian Ministry .
Lincoln was represented at the convention by his friends Leonard Swett , Ward Hill Lamon , and David Davis .
Chris Terrio wrote the screenplay based on Joshuah Bearman 's 2007 article " How the CIA Used a Fake Sci-Fi Flick to Rescue Americans from Tehran , " which was published in " Wired " .
George Moffatt was elected chairman and various public men such as Allan MacNab , Prince , Gugy , John A. Macdonald , Molson , Rose and others gave speeches.ref name = " Turcotte " /
Isaac Ashkenazi ( born 1957 in Israel ) is an Israeli Professor of Disaster Medicine at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Israel and a consultant to Harvard University .
On October 20 , 1973 , after Cox refused to drop the subpoena , Nixon ordered Attorney General Elliot Richardson to fire the special prosecutor .
Their Manx company sets up a Netherlands subsidiary which receives the royalties and sends them to the Isle of Man , since Britain would tax royalties sent directly to a tax haven , but charges no tax on royalty payments to the Netherlands , and the Netherlands charges no tax on royalties sent to tax havens .
Illinois Senator Paul M. Simon finished a surprising second , and Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis finished third .
The statute was drafted by Thomas Jefferson in 1777 and was introduced in the Virginia General Assembly in 1779 .
The communist intention was clear by then : entering southern Shaanxi as they had originally planned , but via a different route unexpected by their Kuomintang adversary .
Differently from the national result , the election was won by the centre-right coalition of the House of Freedoms .
Worried Thamburan hires two ex- Mahout s Valiya Raman Nair ( Kuthiravattom Pappu ) and Cheriya Raman Nair ( Mamukkoya ) to protect Kunjoottan , which further annoys him .
Some of the family members of Vangaru Thirumalai established the Nayak dynasty in Sri Lanka known as the Kandy Nayaks .
These , apart from Tim Healy , included James Gibney , Maurice Healy , Arthur O 'Connor and Timothy Daniel Sullivan .
The National Crime Agency ( NCA ) is a national law enforcement agency in the United Kingdom .
The 1896 United States presidential election in Wisconsin was held on November 3 , 1896 as part of the 1896 United States presidential election .
The play was adapted to a 1976 film by the playwright and directed by Bruce Beresford .
In 2003 she received an Honorary Degree in Horticulture from Olds College , Olds , Alberta .
It then returns to Blair 's election victory in 1997 , in which he waves to adoring crowds and congratulates deputy prime minister John Prescott and chancellor Gordon Brown on their success .
With the aid of Lord Townshend , he arranged for the ratification by Great Britain , France and Prussia of the Treaty of Hanover , which was designed to counterbalance the Austro-Spanish Treaty of Vienna and protect British trade.Hatton , p .
It was the fifth-closest state result , with only 2016 United States presidential election in Wisconsin , 2016 United States presidential election in Michigan , 2016 United States presidential election in New Hampshire and 2016 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania closer .
However , the group has campaigned for the Green Party of the United States in various races and assisted Ralph Nader ' s presidential campaigns in 2000 and 2004 .
Robin Lane Fox , for example , an English historian , alleges that the story was invented based on Psalm 2 , in which " the kings of the earth " are described as opposing the Lord 's " anointed , " and also served to show that the authorities failed to find grounds for convicting Jesus.Lane Fox 297 , citing ) .
Baldwin 's successor Ramsay MacDonald repudiated the plan and it would not see fruition until the British Empire Economic Conference of 1932 .
This was to support her boyfriend Senator Benigno Aquino III , presidential bet of the Liberal Party .
One camp embraced all of the conservative parties , and most notably those West German residents and their families who had been driven west ( " die Heimatvertriebenen " ) by Stalinist ethnic cleansing from Historical Eastern Germany , especially the part that was given to Poland as a consequence of the end of the war ; western Czechoslovakia ( the Sudetenland ) ; and the rest of Eastern Europe , such as in Romania .
It and the South African Defense Force managed Operation Plathond , an operation to train insurgents in an attempt to destabilize Zambia , before Kenneth Kaunda accused South Africa of destabilization operations .
Towards the end of 1550 , Knox was appointed a preacher of St Nicholas ' Church in Newcastle upon Tyne .
Wickramanayake was appointed the United Nations Secretary-General 's Envoy on Youth in June 2017 .
The Lebanese Ba 'ath Party is also militarily involved in the Syrian Civil War , and has sent forces under its control to aid Bashar al-Assad ' s government against the Syrian opposition .
Dietmar Köster ( born 6 January 1957 ) is a German politician , social scientist and Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) representing Germany since July 2014 .
The 2016 United States Senate election in Hawaii was held November 8 , 2016 , concurrently with the 2016 United States presidential election as well as other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives and various state and local elections .
His well-funded grassroots campaign across all portions of the state and Bristow 's lack of support from the Democratic Party , which was more focused on Blanche Lincoln ' s U.S. Senate race , enabled him to soar in the polls .
It advocates reduction and eventual elimination of the role the United States plays in multinational and international organizations such as the United Nations and favors withdrawal of the United States from most treaties , such as NATO , North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ( GATT ) and the World Trade Organization .
Stewart 's first political job was as a ten-year-old poll-watcher in Chicago 's 5th Ward which staunchly but futilely opposed the political machine of Richard J. Daley .
" Al-Zawahiri studied medicine at Cairo University and graduated in 1974 with " gayyid giddan " .
Jackson 's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia , Spain , Turkey , United Kingdom , and Siam .
His presidency also encouraged and coincided with an Egyptian cultural boom and launched large industrial projects , including the Aswan Dam and Helwan city .
The party went on to win the 1920 Estonian parliamentary election with 22 of the 100 seats in the Riigikogu .
773 ) , Mahanaim was among the cities plundered by Shishak during his invasion ( 1 Kings 14 : 25 ) of Israelitish territory , also Champollion , Ippolito Rosellini and Budge share his view identifying Ma 'hanema ' with Mahanaim .
The Qaboun offensive ( 2017 ) was a military operation of the Syrian Arab Army in the suburbs of Damascus against rebel forces during the Syrian Civil War .
Following Likud ' s victory in the 1977 elections he lost his cabinet position .
Following the passage in Zimbabwe Rhodesia of the Constitution of Zimbabwe Rhodesia ( Amendment ) No. 4 Act 1979 on 11 December 1979 , and the arrival of Lord Soames as Governor the next day , the 14-year UDI rebellion came to an end , and Zimbabwe Rhodesia returned to legality under British law as the colony of Southern Rhodesia .
He replaced Oleg Shenin , who split off a part of the UCP-CPSU as the " Communist Party of the Soviet Union .
Such a system became particularly prevalent in older British dominions , many of which had their constitutions enacted by the British parliament ; such as Australia , New Zealand , Canada , the Irish Free State and the Union of South Africa .
Later , Devi left TDP for INC and contested the general elections held successively in 1998 Indian general election and 1999 Indian general election .
618 BCE ) and Shallum ( 633 / 632 BCE ) , whose mother was Hamutal , the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah .
Urho Kekkonen of the Agrarian League had served as Prime Minister since March 1950 , after losing the 1950 Finnish presidential election to President Juho Kusti Paasikivi .
In 2007 , he wrote an open letter to talk show host Montel Williams ( a fellow retired military officer ) , criticizing him for featuring Sylvia Browne on " The Montel Williams Show " .
In 200 , when Cao Cao clashed with his rival Yuan Shao at the Battle of Guandu , Xiahou Yuan was appointed acting Colonel Who Inspects the Army ( 督軍校尉 ) .
In practice , the principles of democratic centralism resulted in the People 's Chamber serving as a rubber stamp that did little more than give legal sanction to decisions already made by the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED ) and its Politburo .
The Southern Poverty Law Center , through its " Teaching Tolerance " program , has encouraged schools across the U.S. to hold a " Mix It Up at Lunch " day in order to encourage students to break up cliques and prevent bullying .
On 4 February , Paul Wolfowitz announced that 15,000 U.S. troops whose tours of duty had been extended in order to provide election security would be pulled out of Iraq by the next month .
He has also served as a director of the , World Wildlife Fund , the Botanic Research Institute Texas , the World Resources Institute ( WRI ) , and the Stockholm Environment Institute .
He was of Greek , Iranian and Ancient Rome .
On 2 April 2015 , she was sworn in as Minister of Foreign Affairs , joining the Council of Ministers chaired by Pedro Cateriano , the seventh of the government of President Ollanta Humala .
Zeila ' s two- mihrab Masjid al-Qiblatayn dates to the 7th century , and is the oldest mosque in the city. suggesting that the Adal Sultanate with Zeila as its headquarters dates back to at least the 9th or 10th centuries .
They were joined by two other incumbents , the then functional constituency Legislative Councillors Mandy Tam ( Accountancy ) and Fernando Cheung ( Social Welfare ) , as well as a number of pan-democratic academics .
Although the Korean War Armistice ended combat operations in Korea on 27 July 1953 , the Korean Service Medal was issued until June 1954 due to the tense nature of the occupation and garrison duty immediately after the armistice , as well as the high possibility of a renewed attack by North Korea .
Black and Russell visited Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic in 1920 , soon after the Bolshevik revolution .
In 1956 he was appointed to the chair of Urdu and Pakistan studies at Ankara University , Turkey , where he stayed until 1959 .
The United Nations , the European Union and the United States on the other hand expressed their deep concern and regret for the violence used against protesters .
Mark Reckless was elected in 2016 , but defected to the Welsh Conservative Party in 2017 .
In London he became acquainted with the Baptists , who helped him secure passage to the United States .
The Robert J. Dole Institute of Politics , housed on the University of Kansas campus in Lawrence , Kansas , was established to bring bipartisanship back to politics .
He permitted anti-apartheid marches to take place , legalised a range of previously banned anti-apartheid political parties , and freed imprisoned anti-apartheid activists , including Nelson Mandela .
In the revision of 1948 a complete new chapter was added to facilitate the incorporation of the new state of Indonesia within the Kingdom .
Following a review by the Boundary Commission for England taking effect at the 2010 United Kingdom general election , Cornwall is divided into six county constituencies to elect MPs to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom .
On 30 May 2010 , he was one of three Irish politicians who were prevented by authorities from leaving Cyprus to join an international flotilla carrying aid to the besieged Gaza Strip .
By 1960 , Ceylon 's governing Mahajana Eksath Peramuna ( MEP ) coalition was falling apart .
Germany establishes the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia with a puppet government , on 16 March 1939.br / 6 .
In 1960 , Angus Campbell , Philip E. Converse , Warren E. Miller , and Donald E. Stokes published " The American Voter .
" He regularly nominated members of the Senate to the Consul ate and other prestigious offices : " Caecina Decius Maximus Basilius , Decius , Venantius , and Manlius Boethius held the consulship and were either Prefects of Rome or Praetorian Prefects ; Quintus Aurelius Memmius Symmachus and Sividius were consuls and Prefects of Rome ; another senator of old family , Cassiodorus , was appointed a minister of finance .
Mills was signed by Aberdeen from Junior club Bridgeton Waverley in 1932.ref name = " afc " He entered their first team almost immediately , aged 17.ref name = " afc " / Mills was primarily a creative player , but also scored frequently and was the club 's top goalscorer in the 1933-34 season.ref name = " afc " /
Later , in Krasnodar , he held a meeting with the Governor Veniamin Kondratyev , and also declared that made the decision to move from Moscow to Novorossiysk .
Đoàn Khuê was born on 29 October 1922 in Triệu Phong District in Quảng Trị Province , joined the Communist Party of Vietnam in 1945 , and served as the military Commissioner of the provincial Party Committee .
From 2007 to March 2014 , the chief executive and deputy chair of EPSRC was David Delpy Royal Academy of Engineering Royal Society , a medical physicist and formerly vice provost at University College London .New Chief Executive for the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council , 30 May 2007 ,
The order was brought to Electorate of Bavaria in 1778 when Charles Theodore , Duke of Jülich and Berg and Count-Elector Palatine , succeeded his childless cousin , Maximilian III Joseph as Elector of Bavaria .
Incumbent supervisor Amos Brown was defeated in the runoff against Gerardo Sandoval .
There are representatives of private bodies such as Confederation of Indian Industries ( CII ) , Reliance Foundation , JSW Cement and JSW Paints , SE TransStadia Pvt. Ltd .
Senate GOP leaders including Mitch McConnell ( KY ) and Trent Lott ( MS ) asked Craig to " temporarily step down as the top Republican on the Veterans Affairs Committee , Appropriations Subcommittee on the Interior and Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Public Lands and Forests .
In November 2009 the leaders of the three largest opposition parties Helle Thorning-Schmidt , Villy Søvndal and Margrethe Vestager suggested that a referendum on abolishing the opt-outs concerning the Common Security and Defence Policy and the Justice and Home Affairs be held on 23 March 2010 .
Mineta 's testimony to the Commission on Flight 77 differs rather significantly from the account provided in the January 22 , 2002 edition of " The Washington Post " , as reported by Bob Woodward and Dan Balz in their series " 10 Days in September .
This was observed until the Treaty of Bromberg in 1657 when Prussia gained its sovereignty .
As of 2016 United States presidential election , this is the last time that New Mexico was more Republican than the nation as a whole .
On 10 April 1996 , Cyclone Olivia passed near Barrow Island offshore northwest Australia .
Abel Stevens & amp ; Floy , James .
In 1974 , a major Seminex in the Missouri Synod resulted in many " modernist " churches splitting to form the more progressive Association of Evangelical Lutheran Churches to which Neuhaus eventually affiliated .
Following an investigation conducted by Matt Hart , working from the state 's Attorney General 's office 's white crime division , and special prosecutor Van Davis , who stepped in after the Alabama 's Attorney General , Luther Strange , recused himself , on October 20 , 2014 , Hubbard was indicted by a special grand jury in Lee County on 23 counts relating to misusing his office for personal gain and soliciting gifts from lobbyist s .
Mindua served first as a Legal Officer and Chief of the Judicial Proceedings Support Unit at the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda in Arusha from 1996 to 2001 .
Mallon did not contest his seat in the Stormont Assembly in the 2003 elections , and stood down at the 2005 United Kingdom general election .
He was the son of Jonathan Lawrence ( 1737-1812 ) , a merchant and New York State Senator , and Ruth ( née Riker ) Lawrence ( 1746-1818 ) , a member of the Riker family , for whom Rikers Island is named .
However , the extremely violent nature of the movement made it difficult for the Iron Guard to attract conservatives and middle class people , and as a result , the movement could never be as successful as the Nazi Party .
After the general elections held in 1970 , the office was established with Nurul Amin becoming the Prime Minister who was also the Vice-President .
The Republican and Social Action ( , ARS ) was a French parliamentary group in the Chamber of Deputies of France during the French Third Republic between 1919 and 1924 founded by 46 members of the centre-right Democratic Republican Alliance .
James Baba holds the degree of Bachelor of Arts in History , from Makerere University , Uganda 's oldest public university .
In some ancient cultures , rulers were considered to be divine or partially divine : the Egyptian pharaoh was believed to be the son of Ra , the sun god , while in Japan , the emperor was believed to be a descendant of Amaterasu , the sun goddess .
The railway also enabled settlers to move to the fertile Kilombero River Valley , between Mbeya and Kidatu , to grow cash crops such as rice and vegetables that they can readily ship to other communities .
Lobbying on his behalf had been done by former Senate Republican leader and 1996 presidential candidate Bob Dole and his law firm , Alston & amp ; Bird , Senate records show .
During the 2010 Ukrainian presidential election some bloc members did not endorse the bloc leader Viktor Yushchenko : the Christian Democratic Union , endorsed Yulia Tymoshenko .
" After contesting the 1993 Australian federal election unsuccessfully , the party was deregistered on 28 October 1996 .
In particular , Corn criticized many of the arguments offered to justify the 2003 invasion of Iraq ; and he challenged " New York Times " columnist William Safire for claiming links between Saddam Hussein and Al-Qaeda .Okrent , Daniel .
Attila Mesterházy became the Hungarian Socialist Party 's candidate for the position .
Also in attendance were US Vice President George H. W. Bush ( representing Ronald Reagan ) , Corazon Aquino of the Philippines , Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh , Suharto of Indonesia , Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq of Pakistan , Hussain Muhammad Ershad of Bangladesh , Secretary of British Foreign Affairs and the Commonwealth , Sir Geoffrey Howe , and many others .
" Die Stadt ohne Juden " ( " The City Without Jews " ) is a 1924 Austrian Expressionist film by Hans Karl Breslauer , based on the book of the same title by Hugo Bettauer .
Although his religious views had led his father to disown him , the family ties were still strong enough that Herbert Samuel , at that point Postmaster General , decided to offer Hugh a position as a private secretary to Matthew Nathan , Secretary of the General Post Office .
The first state recognizable as such under current concepts in the Andes was Wari culture , whose system of government has not yet been completely unraveled .
Mathabhanga ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in Cooch Behar district in the India n state of West Bengal .
The seat was won by Francis Maude of the Conservative Party at the 1983 United Kingdom general election , who held it until 1992 , when it was taken by Mike O 'Brien of Labour .
United States Attorney Lynne A. Battaglia hired Rosenstein as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland in 1997 .
During the first Musavat summit on 26-31 October 1917 , Khoyski spoke in favor of autonomy for Azerbaijan .
On November 26 , Prague was captured .
In 1983 , he started studying psychology at Mansfield University of Pennsylvania and obtained a bachelor 's degree .
During the period of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , he often used his influence to help dissidents or to sponsor causes challenging official policies .
As a graduate , he studied at Princeton University as a Harkness Fellow of the Commonwealth Fund of New York .
He was the only senator from a Northern state to be expelled for being a Confederate States of America sympathizer .
At its first meeting , participants included the Czech Civic Democratic Party , Portuguese CDS-PP , Israeli Likud , Irish Fianna Fáil , Italian National Alliance and the Greek Popular Orthodox Rally , all of which later left the organisation .
When Zhou Yu became close friends with Sun Ce , Sun Ce 's mother Lady Wu told Sun Ce 's younger brother Sun Quan to treat Zhou Yu like an elder brother .
In the 1994 Italian general election , under the leadership of Berlusconi , the centre-right ran with two coalitions , the Pole of Freedoms in northern Italy and Tuscany ( mainly Forza Italia and the Lega Nord ) and the Pole of Good Government ( mainly Forza Italia and National Alliance ) in central and southern Italy .
PFA came to unite a number of informal public organizations which were established in the 1980s to struggle for the independence of Azerbaijan from the Soviet Union .
Representative Lamar Smith ( R-Texas ) , sponsor of H.R. 1981 , stated that , " When investigators develop leads that might result in saving a child or apprehending a pedophile , their efforts should not be frustrated because vital records were destroyed simply because there was no requirement to retain them .
The prime minister was Fethi Okyar of the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) .
Fresh vegetables and fruits produced through intensive irrigation farming also became important export commodities , as did sunflower seed oil that was produced to compete with the more expensive olive oils in oversupply throughout the Mediterranean countries of the European Economic Community .
Collins was born and raised in the Austin neighborhood on the West Side of Chicago .
The Crittenden County Courthouse is located at 85 Jackson Street in Marion , Arkansas , United States , the county seat of Crittenden County .
They gained prominence after the eclipse of the Satavahana dynasty , whom the Pallavas served as feudatories .The journal of the Numismatic Society of India , Volume 51 , p.109Alī Jāvīd and Tabassum Javeed .
General elections were held in Belgium on 7 November 1971 .
Established in 1949 , the Iran Party is described as the " backbone of the National Front , " the leading umbrella organization of Iranian nationalists .
United States Senator Robert F. Kennedy was traveling to Indianapolis to promote his presidential campaign when he heard the news .
The constituency was created as per the 1985 Treaty of Accession and was first contested in the 1987 European Parliament election in Spain .
It is known from South Africa .
Socialist and communist state s under Stalinism ( such as the Soviet Union or China ) virtually abandoned the idea of free association just as have countries governed by parties in the social democracy movement .
The author of the newspaper exposé , Nick Mullen ( Gabriel Byrne ) , continues his work alongside colleague Vernon Bayliss ( Denholm Elliott ) who suspects that Markham was framed .
He also had two children as results of extra-marital affairs : an acknowledged daughter , Mazarine Pingeot ( born 1974 ) , with his mistress Anne Pingeot ,
In 1988 and 1989 , Biti was Secretary General of the University of Zimbabwe Student Representative Council , with Terry Mhungu as SRC President , which led student protests against government censorship in academia .
The increased popularity of the party provided the ADQ with larger grassroots support , more money and star candidate s for the 1998 Quebec general election .
Amjed Ullah Khan ( born 23 September 1972 ) is Ex Corporator , 35 Azampura Division ( GHMC ) and youth leader of Majlis Bachao Tehreek ( MBT ) in Hyderabad in the Indian state of Telangana , He is controversial due to his views and as a main opponent of All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen ( AIMIM ) .
The Cologne mayor Konrad Adenauer served as its president until 1933 .
The constituents included the Congress ( O ) , Bharatiya Jana Sangh , Samyukta Socialist Party and the Bharatiya Lok Dal .
The campaign to re-elect the President was extraordinarily successful , winning 49 of 50 states ; Nixon lost only Massachusetts and the District of Columbia to Democrat George McGovern .
The 30 members of UNGERIN are trained by instructors from US Navy SEALs and US Coast Guard in Langkawi and Kota Kinabalu and are armed with special weaponry , such as Glock 19 , MP5 and Colt M4A1 ( possibly supported by the United States ) and utilise maritime anti-terrorist tactics employed by the units of United States Navy commandos .
Following Pruitt 's nomination hearing , Republican Senator John Barrasso stated that " Pruitt ... has demonstrated his qualifications to lead the EPA .
Armed with the position paper 's six concerns , two questions and four requests on the agreement , UMELCO 's members flew to London but were snubbed by Members of Parliament , former Prime Minister Edward Heath and former Hong Kong Governor Sir Murray MacLehose .
Albert Kalonji , claiming that the Baluba were being persecuted in the Congo and needed their own state in their traditional Kasai homeland , followed suit shortly afterwards and declared the autonomy of South Kasai on 8 August , with himself as head .
While conservative and progressive Republicans had been divided in the 1912 United States presidential election between the candidacies of then-incumbent President William Howard Taft and former President Theodore Roosevelt , they largely united around Hughes in his bid to oust Wilson .
He was succeeded as Comptroller by Democratic State Assemblyman Thomas DiNapoli , who was elected in a joint session of the New York State Legislature in February 2007 .
Six weeks later , the Illinois Republican State Central Committee chose former Diplomat Alan Keyes to replace Ryan as the Republican candidate .
He immigrated to Canada in the spring of 1928 at the age of 19 and worked on farms in Saskatchewan before settling in the Thunder Bay district of northern Ontario in 1933 where he got involved in a bushworkers ' strike led by the Lumber Workers Industrial Union of Canada .
Regular flights between mainland China and Taiwan started in July 2009 .
In 2016 Khalek and other activists protested a speech at Washington , D.C. ' s Newseum given by Avital Leibovich , a retired colonel in the Israel Defense Forces and director of the Jerusalem office of the American Jewish Committee , declaring , " free Palestine .
The Constitutional Court had already ruled that the entire cabinet violated the charter , and the Opposition filed a petition to impeach Noppadon Pattama .
Samata Kranti Dal ( SKD ) is a state political party of the India n state of Odisha led by Braja Kishore Tripathy .
Breitbart appeared posthumously in " Occupy Unmasked " , a documentary film by Steve Bannon that contends that the Occupy Wall Street movement of " largely naïve students and legitimately concerned citizens looking for answers " is actually orchestrated by sinister , violent , and organized leaders with the purpose of not just changing , but destroying the American government .
The African People 's Liberation Movement ( APLM ) is an Ambazonia n independence movement .
Along with Mary Upton , he contested the Dublin South-Central constituency at the 2007 Irish general election advocating a Labour Party / Fine Gael government but missed the final seat by 69 votes .
Daisy McAndrew ( née Sampson ) was Neil 's co-presenter until the summer of 2005 when she left to join ITV .
The Romans exploited Persian disarray as general Justinian invaded deep into Persian territory and raided Atropatene .
When Chamberlain fell in 1940 he was succeeded by Winston Churchill who moved Brown to the position of Secretary of State for Scotland , an unusual move as Brown , despite sitting for a Scottish constituency , was English by birth .
" Going Rouge : Sarah Palin , An American Nightmare " is a collection of essays about Sarah Palin with a spoof title and book cover design intended to lampoon Palin 's memoir " Going Rogue : An American Life " .
Usani holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Geography , a Post-Graduate Diploma in Management , a Masters in Business Administration , a Master of Philosophy in Environmental Management , a Masters in Globalization & amp ; Development and is currently a PhD student at the Nigerian Defence Academy , Kaduna State .
He was elected into the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for the seat of Davidson , at a May 1992 by-election brought on by the resignation of former Education Minister and Liberal-turned-independent member Terry Metherell , who resigned to take up a public service appointment offered by the Greiner government .
A nationalist wing , led by Henry Clay , favored policies such as the Second Bank of the United States and the implementation of a protective tariff .
He was succeeded by Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno ( 1910-1914 ) , under whose mandate a direct vote was passed and the first high school graduate of the Liceo de Costa Rica , Ángela Acuña , graduated .
These services are provided from the five regional directorates of ENAIRE : Centre-North , East , South , Canary Islands and Balearic Islands , whose headquarters lie respectively in the control centres ( ACC ) of Madrid , Barcelona , Seville , Gran Canaria and Palma de Mallorca .
Since this was a by-election of the 38th Legislative Assembly of Ontario , the ridings used the same boundaries as the 2003 Ontario general election .
The plot of the six-hour serial was condensed to fit a two-hour film format , with the location changed to Washington , D.C. The film was directed by Kevin Macdonald from a screenplay written by Matthew Michael Carnahan , Tony Gilroy , Peter Morgan , and Billy Ray .
She had previously been the party 's candidate for mayor of London in 2008 London mayoral election , when she came fourth with 3.2 % of the first preference vote , and in 2016 London mayoral election , when she came third with 5.8 % of the first preference vote .
Duda was born in Kraków , to Janina Milewska and Jan Tadeusz Duda , professors at the AGH University of Science and Technology .
Among them , since gaining independence , Suriname has become a member of the UN , the Organization of American States , and the Non-Aligned Movement .
Recently the CAG under Vinod Rai has constantly been in the limelight for its reports exposing mega corruption , particularly in 2G spectrum case , Commonwealth Games scam , Coal mine allocation scam and others .
The University of South Wales was formed by a merger between University of Glamorgan ( where Lord Morris was Chancellor since 2002 ) and the University of Wales , Newport .
The foreign origin of Sonia Gandhi also constituted part of the NDA 's campaign .
The current leader is Penny Wong .
She was credited for exposing the Sandline affair which resulted in the toppling of Prime Minister Sir Julius Chan ' s government in PNG and shook up the Papua New Guinea Defence Force .
In 756 , after An Lushan declared himself emperor of a new state of Yan at Luoyang , he created An Qingxu the Prince of Jin .
After the decision of George H. W. Bush to leave Saddam Hussein in power after the first Iraq War during 1991 , many neoconservatives considered this policy and the decision not to endorse indigenous dissident groups such as the Kurds and Shiites in their 1991-1992 resistance to Hussein as a betrayal of democratic principles .
PDS started as Sabah Democratic Party or " Parti Demokratik Sabah " which was founded by Bernard Dompok and other disgruntled leaders who split from United Sabah Party or " Parti Bersatu Sabah " ( PBS ) soon after the Sabah state election , 1994 to join the Barisan Nasional ( BN ) coalition .
The Republican Society ( Dutch : " Republikeins Genootschap " ) is a Dutch republican movement , founded on 11 September 1996 in the Prinsenhof in Delft , at the initiative of Pierre Vinken .
The Australian Greens won 8 per cent of the 2007 vote , and the Family First Party won 2 per cent , with the Greens winning 1 seat in the lower house .
The result of the election was a Nova Scotia Liberal Party victory under the leadership of Stephen McNeil , with the Liberals winning their first election since 1998 Nova Scotia general election .
Afghanistan , which had served as a haven and source of support for Al-Qaeda , under the protection of Mohammed Omar and the Taliban , was the target of a U.S. invasion in 2001 , and ongoing reconstruction and drug-eradication efforts .
Abdul Bari Siddiqui representing Janata Dal defeated Harish Chandra Jha of BJP in 1995 .
Mike Lee and Thomas R. Lee , though not Udalls , are second cousins to Mark and Tom Udall and Gordon Smith ; their father , Rex E. Lee , a well-known scholar of Constitutional Law and Solicitor General from 1981 to 1985 , was a first cousin of Stewart and Morris Udall ; Mike Lee serves as a United States Senator from Utah ( since 2011 ) , and Thomas R. Lee is an Associate Justice of the Utah Supreme Court .
From 1983 to 1986 , he served at the FCO as Head of Eastern European Department before being posted to UKMIS New York City as Deputy Permanent Representative ( with the personal rank of Ambassador ) .
In 2000 , Smith & amp ; Wesson , facing several state and federal lawsuits , signed an agreement brokered by President Bill Clinton , in which the company voluntarily agreed to implementing various measures in order to settle the suits .
Much of its communications work since then have involved negative advertising against Democrats , but also includes advocacy for a Libertarian candidate designed to hurt a Democrat 's chance of winning an election and television ads against Donald Trump during his campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination .
In March 1853 , he was appointed by U.S. President Franklin Pierce to the land claims commission for California to settle Spanish and Mexico land claims arising from the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo which ended the Mexican-American War and served as president of the commission until 1856 .
His father was a leading member of the Ulster Unionist Party .
The FrePaSo campaigned for the 1999 elections in an alliance with the larger Radical Civic Union ( UCR ) and a few provincial parties , which won the presidency for Fernando de la Rúa .
In 1908 , Khudiram Bose and Prafulla Chaki attempted to kill Magistrate Kingsford , a judge known for handing down particularly severe sentences against nationalists .
The Galați County Prefecture ( ) is a building in Galați , Romania , housing the offices of the Galați County prefect .
French ran in the 2014 Ontario general election as the Ontario New Democratic Party candidate in the riding of Oshawa .
Founding supporters include Bob Crow , general secretary of the Rail , Maritime and Transport workers union ( RMT ) , Brian Caton , general secretary of the POA and Chris Baugh , assistant general secretary of the PCS .
Mahuad attended Harvard University ' s John F. Kennedy School of Government , and received a Master of Public Administration in 1989 .
In the Galway by-election , held in the Galway constituency on 13 August 1936 , George Noble Plunkett ran as a joint Cumann Poblachta na hÉireann / Sinn Féin candidate .
He was succeeded by Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto , who served from January 1996 to July 1998 .
On October 13 , 2008 , speaking at an enlarged meeting of the Government of Kazakhstan , President of the country Nursultan Nazarbayev instructed to " create a special company that will deal with projects in the chemical industry .
Clovis succeeding his father , Childeric I , as a king of Salian Franks within the Roman empire in 481 , and eventually came to rule an area extending from what is now the southern Netherlands to northern France , corresponding in Roman terms to Gallia Belgica ( northern Gaul ) .
Ali Mardan then took the title of " Vakil-e daulat " ( " deputy of the state " ) After having plundered Kazerun , Ali Mardan left for Isfahan , but was ambushed at the
In 2000 , Turmel ran as an independent candidate in the September Kings - Hants ( Nova Scotia ) federal by-election against Progressive Conservative leader Joe Clark .
He also pointed out that the Communist Archio-Marxist Party of Greece supported the self determination of Cyprus and of the Dodecanese ; on the other hand , the alliance of KKE with the Bulgarian nationalists had diminished it popular appeal .
Seeking an independent woman who loves him for himself and not his social status , Akeem and his best friend / personal aide , Semmi , travel to the New York City borough of Queens and rent a squalid tenement in the neighborhood of Long Island City under the guise of poor foreign students .
She was re-elected from the Karad constituency for the next three terms .
This was represented by elected members such as John Buchan ( who said " I believe every Scotsman should be a Scottish nationalist " ) ) and those former Unionists who in 1932 founded the pro- home rule Scottish Party ( which later merged with the National Party of Scotland to form the Scottish National Party ) .
Published by Allen Lane , an imprint of Penguin Books UK , ( and by Viking Press in the US ) , the book attempts to give a fair-minded contemporary assessment of the life of Napoleon as well as his legacy for France and the rest of the western world .
The House of Representatives of the 19th United States Congress met for the first time at the United States Capitol in Washington , D.C. , on December 5 , 1825 , and 32 of the representatives , among them Egbert Ten Eyck took their seats on this day .
As leader of that teachers ' union he entered the Confederación Regional Obrera Mexicana ( CROM ) , the largest and most powerful union confederation of the day and a key supporter of the regimes of Plutarco Elías Calles and Álvaro Obregón .
The recent chancellors , Philip Hammond , George Osborne , Alistair Darling and Gordon Brown ,
After Morsi , President of the Sixty-sixth session of the United Nations General Assembly Nassir Abdulaziz Al-Nasser , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , Chair of the Group of 77 Mourad Benmehidi , host President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh delivered their opening speeches .
There were also Māori MPs in the more conservative and rural Reform Party ; Maui Pomare , Taurekareka Henare and Taite Te Tomo .
The party reached 5.4 % at the 2011 Swiss federal election ,
In 1910 Johnson was appointed by President William Howard Taft as Recorder of Deeds for the District of Columbia .
After the American Civil War during the Reconstruction Era 1863 to 1869 , Presidents Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson undertook policies designed to bring the South back to normal as soon as possible , while the Radical Republicans used Congress to block the president , impose harsh terms , and upgrade the rights of the Freedmen ( the ex-slaves ) .
Dana Loesch , an organizer for the Tea Party in Saint Louis , Missouri , mentioned the video in an appearance on " Larry King Live " ; It was discussed on " Hannity " and " On The Record with Greta Van Susteren " ( both on Fox ) as well ,
A journalist at RedState has criticized Tancredo for accepting political contributions from anti-illegal immigration activist John Tanton , founder of the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) .
His main issue was the Dominican Republic , whose independence from Haiti in 1844 after the Dominican War of Independence ended 22-years of Haitian rule during the Unification of Hispaniola .
The post is currently held by Tony Lloyd , following the dismissal of Owen Smith by leader Jeremy Corbyn .
She was paired with Maksim Chmerkovskiy .
The same year , he moved to Portage la Prairie , Manitoba , where he practised law with his uncle in the firm MacDonald and Hyndman .
He served several positions in Ottoman administration before he entered the foreign office of the Ottoman Empire and was assigned to different posts at embassies in Paris , Berlin , St. Petersburg , and London .
As a member of the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention of 1779 , John Adams was the document 's principal author .
However , in 1336 , because Ashikaga Takauji had raised a rebellion , the Emperor returned to Sakamoto with a strong force to confront him .
His former colleague Marcin Czechowic produced his own Polish New Testament in Lublin in 1577 .
In the 2010 Polish presidential election , the Greens supported Grzegorz Napieralski based on the analysis of the programs of the most important candidates .
For twenty years , she worked in the Democratic Republic of the Congo as a teacher and Bible translator .
There , he served as chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of Justice from 1877 to 1879 , of the Committee on War Claims from 1879 to 1881 and was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1880 which nominated Winfield Scott Hancock and William Hayden English .
One of the first conflicts triggered by the anarchists was " the Great Boatmen Strike " of 1890 , which took place in Iquique , Antofagasta , Valparaíso , Concepción and other smaller ports .
The Province of Siena is also called the " red province of Italy , " because the Italian Communist Party has always governed it with the 60 % of the votes since 1945 to its dissolution in 1991 .
In 1984 , Webster was elected to the Australian House of Representatives for the seat of Macquarie as a member of the Liberal Party of Australia .
She is credited with the number of female candidates from the HDZ in the 2000 Croatian parliamentary election doubling .
The five Democratic members are Assemblyman and State Democratic Chairman John Wisniewski ( serving as Co-Chair ) , former Assemblywoman Nilsa Cruz-Perez ( serving as Vice Co-Chair ) , Assembly Majority Leader Joseph Cryan , Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver and State Senator Paul Sarlo .
It coincided with the reelection of President Barack Obama .
On 8 April , an army brigade commanded by Nader Rashid , an Arab nationalist officer , departed from its garrison in Zarqa - under orders from the nationalist chief of staff , Ali Abu Nuwar , and without authorization from Hussein - and positioned itself to control the access road to the capital Amman .
He served as leader of Fife Regional Council from 1982 until his election as Labour MP for Central Fife at the 1987 United Kingdom general election .
But the first actual steps in the partitioning process were taken by Habsburg Monarchy , which in 1769 took Spisz and in the following year the counties of Czorsztyn , Nowy Targ and Nowy Sącz .
Several countries have ambassadors accredited to Sweden , with most being resident in Berlin , Brussels , Copenhagen or London .
Éamon Ó Cuív was named Deputy Leader in his place and Michael McGrath , then Spokesperson on Public Expenditure & amp ; Financial Sector Reform , was appointed Spokesperson on Finance .
This started the emergence of Pentecostalism ; which has gained tremendous grounds in contemporary Nigeria .
" He also supported the demand by Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind that banned the singing of Vande Mataram by Muslim citizens of India .
On 30 June 2019 , Kim Jong-un again met with U.S. President Donald Trump at the Korean Demilitarized Zone with Trump being the first sitting US president to set foot on North Korean soil , shaking hands warmly and expressing hope for peace .
During his time as foreign minister , he helped contain a conflict with Rwanda and soothed relations with the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Burundi , and Sudan .
Martin took a job as a staff meteorologist and weather presenter with CITV in Edmonton in August 1996 .
Evo Morales ' MAS party was elected and began implementing its ' October Agenda ' , a set of social movement demands stemming from The Gas War .
Nixon entered 1968 Republican Party presidential primaries as the front-runner , defeating Nelson Rockefeller , Ronald Reagan , and other candidates to win his party 's nomination .
He was an early member of the German Progress Party , but differed with it in 1866 over the issue of war with Austria .
In Australia , thousands of people demonstrated in the cities of Sydney , Melbourne , Perth and Adelaide .
The name was given by Louis Riel .
Martin Luther King Jr and Frederick Douglass in Philadelphia .
On 30 November 2010 , leaked United States diplomatic cables revealed that Dodik supported the Ahtisaari plan for the independence of Kosovo .
According to his recounting , Johnson and President Franklin D. Roosevelt misled the ambassador , upon a return visit to the United States , to believe that Roosevelt wished to meet in Washington for friendly purposes ; in fact Roosevelt planned to - and did - fire the ambassador , due to the ambassador 's well publicized views .
She was the Laura Spelman Rockefeller Professor of Social and Political Ethics at the University of Chicago Divinity School , and a contributing editor for " The New Republic " .
Alur are a Nilotic ethnic group who live in northwestern Uganda and northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Godley was born in Dublin , the eldest son of John Godley and Katherine Daly .
Led by Chancellor Angela Merkel , it was supported by a coalition of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) , the Christian Social Union of Bavaria ( CSU ) , and the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) .
Zhas Otan ( Kazakh Жас Отан ; жас ( zhas ) - young , youth , Отан ( Otan ) - Fatherland ) - the youth organization of the Nur Otan .
Aldo Brancher ( born 30 May 1943 ; Trichiana , Veneto ) is an Italy politician .
He sought Hittite help , but that kingdom was preoccupied with internal struggles , possibly connected with the usurpation of Hattusili III , who had driven his nephew Mursili III into exile .
In the 1919 Italian general election , it received 1,5 % of the vote and 7 seats .
Hannity has promoted conspiracy theories , such as Birtherism , claims that the murder of Seth Rich was part of a conspiracy , and falsehoods about Hillary Clinton ' s health .
Despite mounting controversy and passionate public pronouncements both for and against the legislation , Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase emphatically rejected calls for a national referendum , stating on 23 May 2005 that there is no legislation providing for a referendum to be held .
In July 2007 , the old Our Ukraine bloc had been reorganized into the Our Ukraine-People 's Self-Defense Bloc for the 2007 Ukrainian parliamentary election in September 2007 .
In December 2006 , Stephen Harper ' s government introduced a motion to re-open the marriage debate , which lost .
Ye Xuanping ( ; November 1924 - 17 September 2019 ) was a Chinese politician , who served as Mayor of Guangzhou from 1980 to 1985 and Governor of Guangdong , his native province , from 1985 to 1991 .
Following Machel 's 1986 death in a plane crash in South Africa , Guebuza , a member of FRELIMO 's Politburo , served briefly as part of a 10-member collective head of state .
Preoccupied by the problematic succession in the Kingdom of Hungary , Maximilian failed to press his claim .
However , the first person to speak about the election was the Leader of the Opposition , Michael Howard ( Conservative ) , followed soon afterwards by Charles Kennedy ( Liberal Democrat ) , when they both launched their official campaigns .
The Radical Party experienced a serious split in late 2008 , with several members joining the breakaway Serbian Progressive Party led by Tomislav Nikolić and Aleksandar Vučić .
In a speech broadcast on Al Jazeera on September 21 , 2012 , Salah stated ( as translated by Middle East Media Research Institute ) : " You haters , you midgets , you little insolent people - whether in America , in France , or in Denmark .
The 2004 Worcester City Council election took place on 10 June 2004 to elect members of Worcester District Council in Worcestershire , England .
On 9 January 1860 he was buried in Westminster Abbey , in Poets ' Corner , near a statue of Joseph Addison .
Incumbent Democratic Robert P. Casey easily defeated Republican Barbara Hafer .
The musical focuses primarily on Blair 's relationships with the key characters in his life , rather than the politics , including his Chancellor and successor as Prime Minister Gordon Brown and wife Cherie Booth .
In Russian nationalist circles the Orange Revolution has been linked with fascism because , albeit marginal , Ukrainian nationalist extreme right-wing groups and Ukrainian American s ( including Viktor Yushchenko wife , Kateryna Yushchenko , who was born in the United States ) were involved in the demonstrations ; Russian nationalist groups see both as branches of the same tree of fascism .
La Follette 's vote was later to revive the moribund Democratic Party when it turned largely to Al Smith ( whom his family was to endorse when he died ) in the following election .
The Belgian Anti-Racism Law , in full , the " Law of 30 July 1981 on the Punishment of Certain Acts inspired by Racism or Xenophobia " , is a law against hate speech and discrimination that the Federal Parliament of Belgium passed in 1981 .
The seat had a notional Australian Labor Party majority when it was created , but was won by the Liberal Party of Australia in 2004 Australian federal election by a slight margin .
1989-1992 - officer of Western Group of Forces ( Germany ) .
He subsequently joined the Italy of Values of Antonio Di Pietro with whom he was elected at the Italian Chamber of Deputies .
Hungary 's Márton Gyöngyösi as elected as he representative of the Citizens " Committee while Jaak Madison of Estonia was entrusted as thesubstitute representative .
During the 1990s , Daou was a sought-after producer and keyboardist , appearing on hundreds of remixes and recordings by artists including Björk , Miles Davis , Mariah Carey , and Diana Ross .
Incumbent supervisor Aaron Peskin was termed out of office .
He graduated from the Blagoveshchenskoe Tank Command Red Banner School in Gorky Oblast and the Ministry of the Interior Academy of the Republic of Belarus in Minsk .
He was father of two sons Jagaddipendra Narayan , Indrajitendra Narayan and three daughters , Ila Devi , Gayatri Devi and Menaka Devi .
Upon the 1379 Treaty of Neuberg , they together with Duchy of Carinthia , Duchy of Styria , Duchy of Carniola and Tyrol fell to the Leopoldian line :
Two years later , Republicans swept most of the city 's seats in the state legislature , and incumbent Democratic mayor Ed Austin switched parties to become a Republican .
Parsons contested the elections in 1983 , 1986 and 1990 but it was not until the 1995 British Virgin Islands general election in 1995 she was finally successful .
Power shifted to Premier Chiang Ching-kuo after President Chiang Kai-shek ' s death but shifted to the presidency again when Chiang Ching-kuo became president .
In October 2017 , after the Las Vegas mass shooting , Nelson and Dianne Feinstein sponsored a bill to ban bump stocks for assault weapons .
Also excluded are trips to Camp David , the country residence of the president .
The National Assembly nominated experienced politicians such as Sim Var and San Yun to become prime minister whenever Sihanouk took leave , but they similarly relinquished their posts each time , several months into their term , Chandler ( 1991 ) , pp. 95 , 98. as cabinet ministers repeatedly disagreed over public policy matters.Osborne ( 1994 ) , p .
However , in some countries this system still maintains a large part of the immigrant population in an illegal status , albeit with some massive regularizations , for example , in Spain by José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero ' s government and in Italy by Silvio Berlusconi ' s government .
In 1967 , the year of his twenty-first birthday , Schumann joined East Germany ' s ruling Socialist Unity Party of Germany .
The AN logo followed a template very similar to that of the Democratic Party of the Left , with the logo of the direct predecessor party in a small circle , as a means of legally preventing others from using it .
Bahçeli received his higher education from the scientific academy in Ankara and his doctorate from Gazi University in Ankara .
In 1993 , Summers was appointed Undersecretary for International Affairs and later in the United States Department of the Treasury under the Bill Clinton Administration .
Edward Coke ' s " Institutes of the Lawes of England " , , page 11 : " An enemy coming in open hostility into England ... cannot be indicted of treason , for that he was never within the protection or ligeance of the king .
The constituency developed into a Unionist- Labour marginal in 1964 United Kingdom general election and was gained by Labour 's Donald Dewar in 1966 United Kingdom general election , who went on to become the leader of the Scottish Labour Party and later the first-ever First Minister of Scotland in 1999 Scottish Parliament election .
In 1897 he was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the 91st Oldenburg Infantry Regiment of the Imperial German Army , taking part in quelling the Boxer Rebellion , and served as a military attaché in Japan from 1900 up until to the First World War .
At this conference , the party developed the Gotha Program , which Karl Marx criticized in his " Critique of the Gotha Program " .
Four years later , he was elected to the United States House of Representatives , where he was friendly with party leaders like William McKinley .
Samori began a steady retreat , but the fall of other resistance armies , particularly Babemba Traoré at Sikasso , permitted the colonial army to launch a concentrated assault against his forces .
The Bloc Québécois agreed to provide support on confidence vote s , thereby enabling the coalition a working majority in the Commons .
Her novel " The Green Diamond " , about four young women sharing a house in Dublin in the 1960s , was published in 1996 .
He briefly led the party in 2014 , but made way for Teimumu Kepa , a high chief and former Cabinet Minister .
" Prime Time " hosted a debate among the potential candidates for Tánaiste and a separate debate between Ahern and Enda Kenny , coverage of which concentrated on Kenny 's ability to serve as Taoiseach given his lack of experience .
Outside Germany it also gained some currency within the Italian Social Movement , although by the early 1950s that wing of the party lost influence , the Italian nationalist arm gaining supremacy.Macklin , p .
Madagascar was also briefly considered as the solution to the Jewish Question by the government of Nazi Germany who floated the idea of deporting Europe 's Jewish population to the island in 1940 .
A professor at New York Law School , Strossen sits on the Council on Foreign Relations .
A second leadership election was held November 2016 UK Independence Party leadership election , which was won by Paul Nuttall .
The pure party-list proportional representation had become the accepted electoral system of Italy , and it was adopted for the regional vote too .
Incumbent Democratic Governor of Oregon John Kitzhaber was unable to seek a third consecutive term as governor , therefore creating an open seat .
The first presidential election in the current constitution was in 1992 Philippine presidential election where Fidel Ramos defeated six other candidates .
Incumbent president Joaquim Chissano won a narrow victory against Afonso Dhlakama , whilst Chissano 's FRELIMO party won the Assembly elections , taking 133 of the 250 seats .
Paoletta was a volunteer on the Reagan-Bush 1984 and Bush-Quayle 1988 presidential campaigns , and according to the " Anchorage Daily News " ( September 18 , 2008 ) , most recently he was one of three leaders of " a cadre of high-powered operatives " described by John McCain 's campaign as a " truth squad " to field questions about and push back on attacks against vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
After a couple of years of taking preparatory courses to enroll in a university , he decided to enroll in The Hague Academy of International Law or " Académie de droit international de La Haye " in The Hague .Nalenan ( 1981 ) , p .
Turkish unease about Poland 's influence in Russia , the consequences of the Lisowczycy expedition against Transylvania , an Ottoman fief in 1619 and the burning of Varna by the Cossacks in 1620 caused the Empire under the young Sultan Osman II to declare a war against the Commonwealth , with the aim of breaking and conquering the Polish-Lithuanian state .
The last time a third-party candidate won any county was in 1912 United States presidential election , when Theodore Roosevelt carried Clatsop , Columbia , Jackson , and Washington counties on the Progressive ticket .
The American abolitionist James Redpath considered Davitt " the William Lloyd Garrison of the anti-landlord movement .
The victorious Labour Party promptly repealed the Industrial Relations Act 1971 , replacing it with their own legislation that was to incorporate the principles within Barbara Castle ' s 1969 white paper , " In Place of Strife .
From 1866 , Napoleon had to face the mounting power of Prussia as its Chancellor Otto von Bismarck sought German unification under Prussian leadership .
At that Preston by-election , Mark Hendrick , former Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for the Lancashire Central constituency with Preston at its heart , secured a victory with a 4,400 majority .
This gave the Coalition 30 out of 60 Senators , with 29 Labor and 1 Liberal Movement ( Steele Hall ) .
On 20 February 2019 , in Krakow , it was decided that Chameria should be part in Group 2 of the 2019 CONIFA European Football Cup , together with Abkhazia and County of Nice .
This momentum was carried through to the 2005 United Kingdom general election on 5 May , which saw Wilson defeat Roy Beggs of the Ulster Unionist Party , to become Member of Parliament for East Antrim with 49.6 % of the vote .
Seventeen-year-old David Kawapit , of Whapmagoostui , initiated the walk in support of Chief Theresa Spence of the Attawapiskat First Nation , who was at the time staging a hunger strike at Victoria Island .
A motion to that effect was proposed by Charles Guilfoyle Doran and passed at the convention of the Home Rule League ( HRL ) .McGee , pg.48 " Honest " John Martin , " independent nationalist " MP for Meath from 1871 to 1875 , spoke in Westminster only to raise nationalist protests , and refused to vote.McGee , pg .
Bacon was elected MP for Ipswich for the First Protectorate Parliament in 1654 , along with his brother Francis Bacon and the two represented Ipswich together until his death .
Cooperation with the PDS or The Greens was ideologically unfeasible .
Cliff also backed Haston when he disputed the growing sympathies of the FI for Josip Broz Tito ' s Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , but by this time Haston was growing demoralised and would soon drop out of revolutionary politics entirely .
In " The Soldier and the State " , Samuel P. Huntington argued for what he termed " objective civilian control , " " focus ing on a politically neutral , autonomous , and professional officer corps .
Sullivan was born in Detroit , Michigan but grew up in Windsor , Ontario .
Fearing that he would not be able to explain himself , Li Siyuan decided to actually rebel against Li Cunxu , and he headed south toward Daliang and then-capital Luoyang .
Sultan died in 1804 on an expedition to Basra .
Following the lead of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada in 1942 , the party changed its name to the " Progressive Conservatives " ( or PCs ) , which remains the party 's name today .
The film stars Mohanlal , Nedumudi Venu , Nithya and Ranipadmini in the lead roles .
In 1969 , he led the Indonesian delegation following the Summit ( Summit ) , which was attended by 26 Islamic countries in Rabat , Morocco which discusses conflicts Palestine - Israel .
Letters from Marie Antoinette to her family in Austria at this time reveal an attitude largely contrary to the spirit of " Let them eat brioche : "
A regional office based in Lahore caters to upcountry shipping requirements .
On December 31 , 2016 , in Tbilisi , Georgia , McCain stated that the United States should strengthen its sanctions against Russia .
A referendum on oil and natural gas drilling was held in Italy on 17 April 2016. of the Italian coast to be prolonged until the exhaustion of the useful life of the fields .
The Faison Firehouse Theater is a theater in Harlem , New York founded in 1999 by Tony award winning choreographer George Faison
The current local authority was first elected in 1964 , a year before formally coming into its powers and prior to the creation of the City of Westminster on 1 April 1965 .
Cox earned an LLB and an LLM degree from the University of Auckland , an MTh degree , an MA degree in ecclesiastical law , an LTh from the University of Wales Lampeter , and a PhD degree in Political Studies .
It is the only time since 1900 United States presidential election in North Carolina that Hoke , The Political Graveyard ; .
Bristol Parkway , north of the city centre , has high-speed Great Western Railway services to Swansea , Cardiff Central and London Paddington and CrossCountry services to Birmingham and the North East .
The VP - VNP coalition won the most seats , but failed to gain a majority , which instead was cobbled together by Serge Vohor of the Union of Moderate Parties , who became Prime Minister , subsequently forming a national unity government .
She was friendly with the orphan Kumar ( Siva ) and Mala ( Yamini ) who was the sister of the college professor Santhosh Kumar ( R. Sarathkumar ) .
In Romania , it promoted Swabian identity as a Nazi construct , prompting a major split between the Swabians-proper and descendants of the Banat French ; the latter were led by Frecôt.Dudaș , pp. 361-363 ; Vultur , pp. 15-16 , 19 , 45-52 In November 1940 , under a friendly National Legionary State , Germany obtained the creation of an autonomous organism , or " German Ethnic Group , " which was entirely Nazified.Dudaș , p .
For example , he endorsed Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels , a Republican , for both of his gubernatorial campaigns .
In February 2019 , three Conservative MPs - Heidi Allen , Sarah Wollaston , and Anna Soubry - defected from the party to join The Independent Group , a pro-EU political association of MPs founded by seven former members of the Labour party .
By the time the war ended , in 1918 , Emma Sachse had acquired Thuringia n citizenship , and shortly afterwards she attended an Social Democratic Party of Germany national women 's conference in Kassel , as a delegate representing the socialist women of East Thuringia .
Among the new intellectual currents influencing Koreans during Japanese rule , a version of Social Darwinism promulgated by the Chinese historian Liang Qichao was influential among nationalist journalist-historians like Shin Chaeho , Choe Nam-seon , and Park Eun-sik .
The current MP for Lethbridge is Rachael Harder , who was first elected to parliament in 2015 Canadian federal election for the Conservative Party of Canada and was re-elected in 2019 Canadian federal election as a Conservative Party of Canada MP .
In 1851 , under his command , the Brazilian army prevailed against the Argentine Confederation in the Platine War ; a decade later Caxias , as army marshal ( the army 's highest rank ) , led Brazilian forces to victory in the Paraguayan War .
Michael McGinn Boris Johnson In an April 2008 speech to a Critical Mass rally , Robertson requested the assistance of Critical Mass riders to help get him elected .
After the partition of India , Hyderabad State , a princely state under the rule of the Nizam of Hyderabad , chose to remain independent and refused to accede to the Union of India .
Hitler 's concern about potential British landings in Norway was encouraged by Norwegian fascist leader Vidkun Quisling , who claimed that an alliance between the United Kingdom and Norway 's Labour Party government was in the making .
After his doctorate in History Kuiper had , besides what is written above , different other positions , like teacher at the MO-teacherseducation History , at the Evangelische Hogeschool in Amersfoort , from 1991 until 1995 he was director of the Association for Reformational Philosophy in Utrecht and in 1995 he succeeded André Rouvoet as director of the Marnix van Sint Aldegonde Stichting , the Scientific Institute of the Reformational Political Federation until 2002 .
His namesake is Jefferson Davis , the President of the Confederate States of America .
The Act created a new governmental department in London ( the India Office ) , headed by the cabinet-ranking Secretary of State for India , who was in turn to be advised by a new Council of India ( also based in London ) .
Senators Peter Baume ( Liberal ) , Sir John Carrick ( Liberal ) , Arthur Gietzelt ( Labor ) , Doug McClelland ( Labor ) and Graham Richardson ( Labor ) were not up for re-election .
The presidential candidate of the party was defeated in 2008 Paraguayan general election after 61 years in power , but the party regained the presidency in the 2013 Paraguayan general election .
" The communists stepped out of the alliance , Symonenko was against a single candidate from the alliance in the 2004 Ukrainian presidential election , but the other three party 's remained allies .
In 2008 , Hood was awarded the Mary Harriman Rumsey Community Leadership award by Junior League .
When she was 17 , she became a maid in the home of the poet Per Sivle who awakened her interest in politics .
The 1971 pseudo documentary film " Punishment Park " speculated what might have happened if Richard Nixon had enforced the McCarran Act against members of the anti-war movement , black power movement , the feminist movement , and others .
Kitchen has strongly criticized the new chronology views of David Rohl , who posits that the Biblical Shishak who invaded the Kingdom of Judah in 925 BC was actually Ramesses II rather than Shoshenq I and argues that the 21st and 22nd Dynasties of Egypt were contemporary with one another due to the absence of Dynasty 21 Apis Bull stele in the Serapeum .
The Former Embassy of Iran in Washington , D.C. was the Pahlavi dynasty ' s diplomatic mission to the United States .
When José Ramos-Horta and Bishop Carlos Belo of East Timor were honored with the Nobel Peace Prize , Chomsky responded " That was great , a wonderful thing .
He then studied at the University of Tripoli where he earned a B.Sc. in electrical engineering .
Many international and East Timor leaders , including the jailed resistance leader Xanana Gusmão , asked for a five-to-ten year transition period , recognising that a quick all or nothing ballot could prove disastrous .
The incumbent representative is Republican Kenny Marchant , serving since 2005 .
Johannes Popitz ( 2 December 1884 & amp ; ndash ; 2 February 1945 ) was a Prussia n finance minister and a member of the German Resistance against the government of Nazi Germany .
A first information report registered by Sindh Police 's CTD on behalf of the state through Boat Basin SHO , booked BLA chief Hyrbyair Marri and twelve of his aides , including BLA commander Mian Aslam alias ' Achu ' alias Meeraq Baloch , for masterminding and facilitating the attack .
Under the 1814 Constitution of Norway , the third-oldest national Constitution still in operation ( after the constitution of San Marino and US Constitution ) , the King is the head of the executive branch of Norway .
" The Baptist Board of Foreign Missions , organized at Philadelphia in 1814 , is best known as the " Triennial Convention " , but its official name was the " General Missionary Convention of the Baptist Denomination in the United States .
The Ba 'ath loyalists group , known to be led by Saddam Hussein ' s former vice president Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri , issued a statement before the start of operations calling for the people of the city to start an uprising against ISIL and announced that they will fight the " terrorist organization .
The United Kingdom established diplomatic relations with the Tokugawa shogunate in 1858 .
The incumbent Liberal and Country League led by Premier of South Australia Thomas Playford IV defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Mick O 'Halloran .
About 52 % of the electricity in Serbia is produced based on the lignite from Kolubara ,
This was second only to Khalid Shwani of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , who won 68,522 votes .
A number of other people stood for RSF , including Tomás Ó Curraoin , David Joyce and Frank Glynn in Galway , and Jimmy Kavanagh in Wexford .
In the 1956 Greek legislative election , the United Democratic Left entered a coalition with the Republican Union , the Liberal Party ( EP ) , the Rally of the Farmers and the Workers , National Progressive Union of the Centre and the Democratic Socialist Party .
The Roman Empire settlement of Cambodunum was probably located within Calderdale .
In addition , the Tasmanian Liberal Party under Tony Rundle managed to form a minority government through an informal alliance with the Tasmanian Greens between 1996 and 1998 , enacting some progressive reforms in favour of forest conservation and LGBT rights during its term .
The Stuart and Arnhem Highways run through the Litchfield Municipality .
Since 1984 the Governor of Punjab has acted as the administrator of Chandigarh .
They differed from Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès and Honoré Gabriel Riqueti , comte de Mirabeau as they did not " speak the language of democracy .
Zulfiya Abdiqadir ( born May 1966 ) is a Uyghur civil servant in the China .
Adam Clarke ( 1762-1832 ) ; " Christian Theology " ( 1835 ) : 413-420 .
Chief Election Commissioner Fakhruddin G. Ebrahim , PML-N chief Nawaz Sharif , Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri , and the Muttahida Qaumi Movement all expressed their sympathy over Imran 's injury and prayed for his swift recovery .
Anticipating the post-war period , Roosevelt strongly supported proposals to create a United Nations organization as a means of encouraging mutual cooperation to solve problems on the international stage .
It was launched in May 2013 by Johann Lamont , Anas Sarwar , and Gordon Brown , MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath .
Future Minister for State Owned Enterprises Richard Prebble was also present but is not seen in the photo itself .
Eric John Allan Mann is a beef farmer in Smith-Ennismore-Lakefield , near the city of Peterborough .
Nikita Khrushchev and Nikolai Bulganin visited Tito in Belgrade in 1955 and apologised for wrongdoings by Stalin 's administration .
When Venizelos was forced to flee Athens , Papandreou accompanied him to Crete , and then went to Lesbos , where he mobilised anti-monarchist supporters in the islands and rallied support for Venizelos 's insurgent pro-Allied government in Thessaloniki .
Cathal Brugha , MP for County Waterford 1918-22 , who was left with a permanent limp after being wounded in the Easter Rising 1916 .
The founding collective members listed in the first publication were : Patsy Beckert , Joan Braderman , Mary Beth Edelson , Harmony Hammond , Elizabeth Hess , Joyce Kozloff , Arlene Ladden , Lucy Lippard , Mary Miss , Marty Pottenger , Miriam Schapiro , Joan Snyder , Elke Solomon , Pat Steir , May Stevens , Susana Torre , Elizabeth Weatherford , Sally Webster , and Nina Yankowitz .
Originally the George W. Bush Presidency asserted it was not obliged to let any captives apprehended in Afghanistan know why they were being held , or to provide a venue where they could challenge the allegations against them .
Tuvalu became fully independent within the Commonwealth of Nations on 1 October 1978 .
In May 2007 , McCotter , along with 55 other Republicans , voted for a bill written by House Democrats aimed at stopping energy price gouging , against the wishes of House Minority Leader John Boehner , who labeled the bill " as pointless political pandering .
Elections were held in the Australia n state of Queensland on 19 September 1992 to elect the 89 members of the state 's Legislative Assembly .
Saltonstall , a socially progressive Republican , entered politics as an alderman in Newton , Massachusetts , serving from 1920 to 1922 , while simultaneously serving as second assistant district attorney of Middlesex County under his uncle , Endicott Peabody Saltonstall , from 1921 to 1922 .
In 1955 , Morocco gained independence from France , becoming a free nation .
Unified Democracy Congresswoman Doris Gutiérrez lamented the low numbers of women , saying , " We now have a scant 20 percent of women on the court , where we 've always had seven or eight of 15 .
The first was composed by Juan Feleo of the Partido Komunista ng Pilipinas-1930 under the title " Pandaigdigang Awit ng Manggagawa " ( The International Worker 's Anthem ) which was translated from the English version .
The riots began on August 19 , 1991 , after two children of Guyana immigrants were accidentally struck by one of the cars in the motorcade of Rebbe Menachem Mendel Schneerson , the leader of Chabad , a Jewish religious movement .
They were won by Kwame Nkrumah ' s Convention People 's Party , which took 71 of the 104 seats .
This complex situation ( where the Hohenzollern ruler of the independent Duchy of Prussia was also a subject of the Holy Roman Emperor as Elector of Brandenburg ) laid the eventual groundwork for the establishment of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1701 .
Fitial faced three challengers in the November 7 general election : Republican nominee Heinz Hofschneider , independent Juan " Pan " Guerrero , and independent Ramon " Kumoi " Deleon Guerrero .
In the fall 2007 Newfoundland and Labrador general election , the Labrador Party decided not to run candidates in each of Labrador 's four ridings so the vote between parties opposed to the Progressive Conservatives would not get split .
The divestiture of Germany 's overseas colonies , along with three territories disentangled from its European homeland area ( the Free City of Danzig , Memel Territory , and Saar ) , was accomplished in the Treaty of Versailles ( 1919 ) , with the territories being allotted among the Allies on 7 May of that year .
From the beginning of March 2014 , demonstrations by pro-Russian and anti-government groups took place in the Donetsk and Luhansk oblasts of Ukraine , together commonly called the " Donbass , " in the aftermath of the 2014 Ukrainian revolution and the Euromaidan movement .
Alabama was won by President George H. W. Bush ( R - TX ) .
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has signed the Coalition for Equal Marriage petition , and in an interview for " The Independent " Clegg was reported to have called it " a matter of " how " , not " whether " , equal marriage becomes legal in England and Wales .
Since then , a range of newer parties ( such as A New Era and Justice First ) have been more prominent in opposition to Chávez than the traditional main parties Democratic Action and COPEI .
Coral Ross is a former mayor of the City of Boroondara in Melbourne , Australia , board member of the Municipal Association of Victoria and Victorian president of the Australian Local Government Women 's Association .
Sri Pravarasena is thought as the most likely ruler to have succeeded the Alchon Huns ruler Mihirakula in the area of Kashmir Gandhara , and he would have been the son of Toramana .
The party competed on one single party under " umbrella " party Our Ukraine in the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election , together with Congress of Ukrainian Nationalists ; this list won 1.11 % of the national votes and no constituencies and thus failed to win parliamentary representation .
Mann , along with Gavin Schmidt , Stefan Rahmstorf , and others , co-founded the RealClimate website , launched in December 2004 .
A prominent example was Anahita Ratebzad , who was a major Marxist leader and a member of the Revolutionary Council .
Afoley Quaye contested and won the New Patriotic Party parliamentary elections for the Krowor Constituency in the Greater Accra Region in 2015 .
The Municipality of Alexandria was a local government area of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Sima Zhao felt that Zhuge Dan was behaving suspiciously , so he sent his close aide Jia Chong to meet Zhuge Dan and assess whether he was loyal to the Wei emperor Cao Mao or to Sima Zhao .
In 1828 the first post offices outside of Sydney were established , with offices in Bathurst , Campbelltown , Parramatta , Liverpool , Newcastle , Penrith and Windsor .
1970 United Kingdom general election , 1974 February 1974 United Kingdom general election , October 1974 United Kingdom general election , 1979 United Kingdom general election , 1983 United Kingdom general election
There were also the two separate successor " republics " of the Emirate of Bukhara and the Khanate of Khiva , which were transformed into the Bukhara and Khorezm People 's Soviet Republic s following the takeover by the Red Army in 1920.Bergne , Paul ( 2007 ) " The Birth of Tajikistan : National Identity and the Origins of the Republic " , IB Taurus & amp ; Co Ltd , pg .
Benjamin Feigenbaum was born to a prominent Chassidic family in Warsaw , Poland .
Indian demands were by now centering on British India achieving constitutional parity with the existing Dominion s ( Australia , Canada , the Irish Free State , New Zealand and the Union of South Africa ) which would have meant complete autonomy within the British Commonwealth .
The Committee eventually added staff from outside the anarchist movement , notably Mary Donovan , who had experience as a labor leader and Sinn Féin organizer.Watson , p .
Blackwell has served on many boards , including the Urban Institute , The James Irvine Foundation , the Foundation for Child Development , and Common Cause .
The Ukraine-European Union Association Agreement ( UkEUAA ) was rejected by President Viktor Yanukovich at a summit in Vilnius on 21 November 2013 .
United States National Security Advisor John R. Bolton outlined the policies of the administration of United States President Donald Trump towards Venezuela in a November 2018 speech , describing Venezuela as part of a troika of tyranny , along with Cuba and Nicaragua .
After the failure of the Nigerian Third Republic with the assumption of power by General Sani Abacha , he became a member of the National Democratic Coalition ( NADECO ) formed in May 1994 .
In an attempt to establish a greater reputation he sought out to make a portrait of President John Quincy Adams .
For the 2001 congressional redistricting , Goode allied with Republican Bob Goodlatte and Democrat Rick Boucher to ensure that none of them would be put in the same district .
In February 2009 , it was made known that she would be joining the ruling Front for Victory parliamentary group in the Senate and there was speculation that she would re-join the Justicialist Party .
In 2007-08 she was a ' Friend in Washington ' with the Friends Committee on National Legislation .
He was a founder and the only leader of the Reform Party of Canada , a Canadian federal political party that evolved into the Canadian Alliance which in turn merged with the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada to form today 's Conservative Party of Canada .
He attended " Collège Norodom Sihanouk " in Kampong Cham ; his best friend there was a youth called Saloth Sar , who would later become better known as Pol Pot .
Although still a member of the DA , he served as the South African Ambassador to Argentina under the ANC government from 2009 to 2012 .
She was then selected as a David Lloyd George supporting Liberal candidate for Leeds South East constituency for the general election .
In 1980 , Kalugin was demoted to deputy head of the Leningrad KGB as a result of an intrigue initiated by Vladimir Kryuchkov who was at this time a close confidant of Yuri Andropov and had been privately criticized by Kalugin .
In 1952 , Soskice joined the shadow cabinet , and his fortunes rose in 1955 with the 1955 Labour Party leadership election of his close ally Hugh Gaitskell as party leader , although he continued his legal practice as well .
At the turn of the century , Fort Columbus and Governors Island began to draw the attention of President Theodore Roosevelt ' s Secretary of War , Elihu Root , a former New York City lawyer .
Kim Jinsook ( Korean : 김진숙 ; Hanja : 金珍淑 ; born 1960 ) is a South Korean bureaucrat currently serving as the President of Korea Expressway Corporation and previously served as the Administrator of National Agency for Administrative City Construction under President Moon Jae-in .
Upstate New York showed an unusual amount of electoral strength when Buffalo 's Carl Paladino and Panama 's Greg Edwards defeated downstate candidates Rick Lazio and Thomas Ognibene for the Republican nomination in the New York gubernatorial election , 2010 , thanks largely to overwhelming support upstate and in Western New York ( as high as 93 % for Paladino in his home county of Erie County ) .
On 12 June 2012 , Western Australian state cabinet minister Christian Porter announced he would contest the federal seat of Pearce during the 2013 Australian federal election due to the retirement of Judi Moylan .
From July to December 2003 , he served as a senior education adviser to the Coalition Provisional Authority during the U.S. occupation of Iraq .
The 1972 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 7 , 1972 , as part of the 1972 United States presidential election .
Madame Nhu , the First Lady of South Vietnam from 1955-63 , was a great-granddaughter of Đồng Khánh ..
After repeated balloting , Sherman did not get close to the number of delegate votes needed to nominate , and when rumors swept the convention that the party 's 1884 nominee , former Maine senator James G. Blaine , might enter the race , Foraker expressed willingness to support Blaine .
The Soviets were particularly uneasy as the departure of Eastern Bloc 's most populous nation from Comecon would trigger further financial and economic problems that would bring an end to communist rule in Central-Eastern Europe .
The headquarters are located in Dhaka .
KochPAC ( the Koch Industries Inc Political Action Committee ) is a United States political action committee that represents the interests of Koch Industries and its affiliates .
He resigned on January 3 , 1822 to take office in the U.S. Senate after the death of William A. Trimble .
Dalli was re-elected to the House of Representatives in the 2008 Maltese general election and returned to the cabinet as Minister for Social Policy .
They included the royalist " Camelots du Roi " and " Action française " .
Among them was the Nationalist Movement Party MP Oktay Vural .
Nazi Germany Geopolitik and United States Realpolitik are also examples of practical policies .
" The article also quoted Juan Dalmau , then-secretary general of the Puerto Rican Independence Party as saying : " if the death of a Puerto Rican soldier is tragic , it 's more tragic if that soldier has no say in that war with Iraq " and that he did not want the children of Puerto Rico to become " colonial cannon meat .
The president of the Philippines ( POTPH ) ( , informally referred to as " Presidente ng Pilipinas " ) is the head of state and head of government of the Philippines .
The Philippines has a multi-party system with numerous political parties , in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone , and parties must work with each other to form coalition government s for political expediency and convenience .
Members are drawn from the Liberal Party of Canada , and most are members of their parliamentary caucus .
Zafar Khan had occupied his capital Junagadh in 1395-96 .
France enthusiastically joined the League of Nations in 1919 , but felt betrayed by President Woodrow Wilson , when his promises that the United States would sign a defence treaty with France and join the League were rejected by the United States Congress .
Gort went on to serve in various positions for the remainder of the war , but the chaotic rout of the BEF under his command from France had convinced Winston Churchill , the newly installed British Prime Minister , that he was an undesirable as a British Army General Staff field commander , and he was side-lined to non-combatant posts .
Marshner 's political career began in 1971 at the University of South Carolina , where she was heavily involved in Young Americans for Freedom , a conservative political organization .
, and James Rucker of ColorOfChange.org .
The principles divide between Manuel Fal Conde and Mola ( basically a Falangist ) almost broke the understanding for a Carlist allegiance to the coup on 4 July 1936 .
Most of the district is within the South West Hertfordshire constituency , which is considered a safe Conservative seat and held by a Conservative MP ( currently David Gauke ) since its creation in 1950 United Kingdom general election .
In 2015 Hong Kong district council elections , he lost his seat in the Kwai Tsing District Council to newcoming Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong Li Sai-lung in Shek Yam with a margin of 54 votes .
Before the Ottoman parliament implemented the " Tehcir Law , " there was a circular by Talaat Pasha .Archive code BOA .
In 1947 , a resident trade representative was appointed in Japan , followed by the establishment of legations in Paris ( 1949 ) and The Hague ( 1950 ) .
From 1969 until his retirement in 1978 , the German historian ( 1912-1989 ) held a professorship in Military History and Military Sciences at the University of Münster .
On March 3 , 2019 , then- National Security Advisor John Bolton invoked the Monroe Doctrine in describing the Trump administration 's policy in the Americas , saying " In this administration , we 're not afraid to use the word Monroe Doctrine ... It 's been the objective of American presidents going back to President Ronald Reagan to have a completely democratic hemisphere .
The Jewish Defense League ( JDL ) was founded in 1969 by Rabbi Meir Kahane in New York City , with its declared purpose being the protection of Jews from harassment and antisemitism .
This office was first held by W. T. Cosgrave of Cumann na nGaedheal from 1922 to 1932 , and then by Éamon de Valera of Fianna Fáil from 1932 to 1937 .
As governor , he was a member of the National Governors Association and the Democratic Governors Association .
" This list included 20 " celebrity culture makers , " such as George Clooney , Angelina Jolie , Oprah Winfrey ( who significantly helped to spread the video
Joe Lieberman and Al Sharpton did not believe they could get sufficient support in the state and concentrated their efforts on New Hampshire .
Croft wrote articles for the " National Review " and doubted the effectiveness of the League of Nations .
After the February 1974 United Kingdom general election , no party had a majority of seats .
Shortly after the Internal Settlement in Rhodesia , in which he was instrumental , he was implicated in the Muldergate Scandal and resigned the premiership in favour of the ceremonial presidency , which he was forced to give up as well eight months later .
At the 9 September 2018 proceedings , Communist candidate Valentin Konovalov received 44 % of the vote , and the incumbent Head of Republic Viktor Zimin , nominated by the United Russia , received 32 % of the vote .
In 1861 , President Abraham Lincoln appointed Marsh the first United States minister to the Kingdom of Italy .
He stood unsuccessfully for the Westminster Parliament at the Londonderry constituency in October 1974 United Kingdom general election , and was elected for Foyle in 1983 United Kingdom general election .
Labour had controlled the 1973-1995 York City Council as a majority group since 1986 United Kingdom local elections but following the creation of an expanded City of York unitary authority 22 councillors were returned to represent parished areas previously part of the more rural district council areas of Ryedale ( 14 councillors ) , Selby ( 6 ) and Harrogate ( 2 ) .
He returned to Afghanistan following the Soviet intervention which toppled Amin 's rule and placed Babrak Karmal as head of state , party and government .
Yao Kun was sent by the Later Tang court to meet with Abaoji in 926 .
" Once the Roman Empire had reached its natural borders , the location of potential threats to the empire and Roman troop locations played a major role in the elevation of Roman Emperor s .
Peng Ming-min , a Taiwan independence activist and politician , writes although on the surface China merely demonstrates its " soft power " through CIs , " Colleges and universities where a Confucius Institute is established all have to sign a contract in which they declare their support for Beijing 's " one China " policy .
The Australian Republican Movement continues to campaign for an end to the monarchy in Australia , opposed by Australians for Constitutional Monarchy and Australian Monarchist League .
Sanders was selected as the Green Party candidate for the 2016 Witney by-election following former Prime Minister David Cameron 's resignation as an MP in September 2016 .
At the 2008 New Zealand general election O 'Connor was beaten by New Zealand National Party candidate Chris Auchinvole , who had previously been a list MP .
Colombo has been a correspondent from the United States for La Stampa and for La Repubblica , of which he has been a columnist .
Present at the funeral were some prominent politicians including the deputy president of Parti Keadilan Rakyat , Syed Husin Ali , and Democratic Action Party Member of Parliament , Tony Pua .
A moderate who generally received only tepid support from his party 's conservative wing , he was criticized by the right for opposing Ronald Reagan ' s nomination of Robert Bork to the Supreme Court .
When Booker T. Washington of Tuskegee Institute visited in 1912 , he advised her of the importance of gaining support by white benefactor s for funding .
Years later , in 1936 , Thompson ran for the office of Illinois governor as an independent against Henry Horner .
Among them were Ted Cruz , Rand Paul , Ben Carson , Mike Huckabee , and Richard Lugar .
Pro-India and anti-India protesters faced off each other in Melbourne , Australia .
Scott held a bachelor 's degree from Yale University , a Masters from Columbia University and a PhD from the University of Santo Tomas in 1968 .
The competition has played host to performers from outside Sweden , including Baccara , Alannah Myles , Katrina Leskanich , and Cornelis Vreeswijk .
After serving as a military secretary to Governor William L. Marcy , Seymour won election to the New York State Assembly .
Following this , the popularity of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf rapidly increased and it emerged as the main challenger to the PML ( N ) in Punjab .
Katjavivi joined SWAPO in the 1960s and was head of SWAPO 's overseas offices in London .
Hamilton warned the party that the delegates to the convention were out of touch with the grassroots of the party , and presented himself as the main alternative to the " reactionary conservative " candidates , and was opposed to the " continentalism " of the Liberal Party of Canada .
Oakeshott worked in the Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning of Kenya from 1968 to 1970 .
Beacon Press , Boston .
By 1916 in Britain , the leader of the Allies of World War I , and in the neutral United States , long-range thinkers had begun to design a unified international organisation to prevent future wars .
" Revista pădurilor " ( " Journal of Forests " ) is a Romania n peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1882
The legislative assembly was to have 9 Greek Cypriot members , 3 Turkish Cypriot members ( all elected ) and 6 United Kingdom ex officio members .
After German Reunification in 1990 , East German leader Erich Honecker was indicted by the Berlin District Court on charges of mass murder stemming from the " Schießbefehl " orders , but his failing health and legal disputes over jurisdiction caused his trial to be abandoned .
Clinton won in Milwaukee 51-48 , likely thanks to her ardent African-American support .
In addition to director Young and screenwriter Maibaum , camera operator Ted Moore and stuntman Bob Simmons worked extensively on future Warwick and Eon Productions films , as did actor Walter Gotell , who appeared as a German sentry .
As a result , the Roundhead ( or Oliver Cromwell ians ) were generally hostile to Scottish Presbyterians after they re-conquered Ireland from the Catholic Confederate Ireland in 1649-53 .
It was at this time that he became impressed with a strategist , Song Qiqiu , and made Song his assistant .
The child is confronted by factory workers playing cards and geisha girls before he falls to his death from a scaffold and is discovered by a World War II veteran ( played by Alex McAvoy , who also played the schoolteacher in " Pink Floyd - The Wall " ) .
After the election , Bertinotti was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies and replaced by Franco Giordano as secretary .
Syed F. Hasnat alleged that during the Soviet-Afghan War ( 1979-1989 ) , the Soviet Union helped establish the Balochistan Liberation Army which chiefly operates from southern Afghanistan .
Named for the senator from Kentucky , Henry Clay , Dean was born just two years after Clay guided the Missouri Compromise into law .
When Interior Minister Rehman Malik recommended the U.S. to hold back " alleged Predator attacks until after the Bajaur operation , " Gillani dismissed the remarks and was heard saying : " I don 't care if they do it as long as they get the right people .
The Green Socialist Network ( GSN ) was a socialist environmentalist political grouping whose origins go back to the Communist Party of Great Britain ( CPGB ) .
Like a number of the founding senior editors of " National Review " magazine , Meyer was first a Communist Party USA apparatchik before his conversion to political conservatism .
On 23 June 2010 , Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard 2010 Australian Labor Party leadership spill Kevin Rudd for the leadership of the Labor Party .
Ljubljana .
Mitchell also held a meeting at Lough Sheelin with Provisional IRA Army Council members Dáithí Ó Conaill and Brian Keenan .Taylor , " Loyalists " , pp. 123-124 Attempts were made to find common ground in light of Ruairí Ó Brádaigh ' s Éire Nua policy and Desmond Boal ' s advocacy of a federal Ireland as a solution to the conflict .
He was National Liberal Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Wellingborough , Northamptonshire in 1922-1923 and Liberal Member for Norwich in 1929-1931 and Liberal National member in 1931-1945 .
In 1991 the Italian Communist Party split into the Democratic Party of the Left , led by Achille Occhetto , and the Communist Refoundation Party , headed by Armando Cossutta .
During World War I the Hanseatic Cross ( German : " Hanseatenkreuz " ) was awarded by the three Hanseatic Cities of Bremen , Hamburg and Free City of Lübeck , who were member states of the German Empire .
Aleksander Jaakson ( 29 January 1892 - 2 October 1942 ) was an Estonia n general and educator .
In 1961 , Ronald Reagan would continue using the phrase in his LP Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine , released on behalf of the AMA .
8 July 2015 , VTB CEO Andrey Kostin said that the NDB is " important because it 's a first institution created by the BRICS countries .
It was here that Young first met Thomas L. Kane , a non-Mormon from Philadelphia with deep personal connections to the James K. Polk administration .
The assassination of John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 , and the subsequent murder of prime suspect Lee Harvey Oswald by night club owner Jack Ruby has spurred numerous conspiracy theories .
Sun agreed to Yuan 's presidency after some internal bickering , but asked that the capital be situated in Nanjing .
Other bloggers mentioned in the book include Matthew Hooten , Cathy Odgers ( who goes by the name of Cactus Kate .
Redistricting which took effect for the 1992 elections kept only 40 % of the district 's previous area , and pitted nine-term incumbent Russo & amp ; ndash ; who changed his residence rather than run in the 2nd District , which now included his previous home & amp ; ndash ; against five-term incumbent Bill Lipinski , who had previously represented the neighboring 5th District , in the Democratic primary .
During Jair Bolsonaro presidential campaign , the candidate invited Heleno as his running mate in the election , but his party refused .
The presidential elections of 2008 were won by Fernando Lugo , a Roman Catholic bishop whose ministerial duties have been suspended on his request by the Holy See .
Frederick Copleston ( 2003 ) .
Torture and the United States includes documented and alleged cases of torture both inside and outside the United States by members of the government , the military , law enforcement agencies , intelligence agencies , health care services , and other public organizations .
They were able to seize the ground above Brown 's Ferry by 4 : 40 a.m. A counterattack by the 15th Alabama Infantry , commanded by Col. William C. Oates ( of Little Round Top fame ) was repulsed and Oates was wounded .
Two previously unrepresented parties were also successful ; the far right-wing Party for Freedom ( PVV ) of former VVD MP Geert Wilders , winning nine seats , and the animal-rights Party for the Animals , winning two seats .
Created in 2000 as a centrist grouping around former Mayor of Bucharest Viorel Lis , it was taken over in January 2004 by businessman Gigi Becali ( owner of FC Steaua București ) , who became its leader .
A native of Kashima , Saga and a graduate of the University of Tokyo , he was elected to the House of Representatives for the first time in 1996 after working for the JR .
She was a leading member of the Liberal " Rat Pack " while the Liberals were in opposition until 1993 Canadian federal election .
However , his support of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 hurt his popularity among conservatives , and Tea Party candidate Marco Rubio , the former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives , surged in the polls .
Foster distinguished himself as a staunch supporter of General George Washington and the Federalist Party cause .
There were ten aldermen on city council , but five of the positions were already filled : Sidney Bowcott , Athelstan Bissett ( SS ) , Sidney Parsons , James Ogilvie , and Frederick John Mitchell were all elected to two-year terms in 1946 and were still in office .
By the summer of 1992 , Yugoslavia was fully absorbed with the wars in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina , and had no spare military capacity to deal with conflicts elsewhere .
Justice Samuel Alito wrote the opinion supporting New Jersey 's assertion that the PASPA infringed on the state 's Tenth Amendment rights in " Murphy vs. Collegiate Athletic Association " .
Robert Bigger Oakley ( March 12 , 1931 - December 10 , 2014 ) was an American diplomat whose 34-year career ( 1957-1991 ) as a Foreign Service Officer included appointments as United States Ambassador to Zaire , Somalia , and Pakistan and , in the early 1990s , as a special envoy during the American involvement in Somalia .
It began to grow rapidly in the 1960s when Premier Louis Robichaud ' s equal opportunity program consolidated jurisdiction for health with the province as opposed to local governments and also with the introduction of public medicine in the same decade .
In 1957 , director Baldev Raj Chopra planned to make " Naya Daur " , with Ashok Kumar in the lead .
Syrian opposition supporters regard them as Shabiha .
It was considered a major victory for the civil rights and anti-clericalism movements , and for the Italian Radical Party .
He received his commission after replacing Malcolm Turnbull as the leader of the Liberal Party of Australia , the largest party in the Coalition government , following the 2018 Liberal Party of Australia leadership spills earlier the same day .
Following the surrender of the Japanese in the Dutch East Indies , Indonesian nationalists fought a four-year war of independence against Dutch and initially United Kingdom Commonwealth of Nations forces , eventually leading to the Dutch recognition of the independence of Indonesia .
In 1913 , a candidate of the Social Democratic Party ( which the Socialist Party had merged into ) was elected to Parliament with backing from the mainstream New Zealand Liberal Party , and Holland was happy & amp ; mdash ; at one stage , he would have condemned co-operation with any non-socialist organisation .
Democratic incumbent Allen Boyd has held this seat since 1997 .
Although the hearings boosted Kefauver 's political prospects , they helped to end the twelve-year Senate career of Democratic Majority Leader Scott W. Lucas .
New South Wales Lotteries , ( usually marketed and referred to as NSW Lotteries or the Lott ) is a corporation owned by the Government of New South Wales in Australia .
John Verran led Labor to form the state 's first of many majority government s at the 1910 South Australian state election .
Berry is a humanist and a patron of Humanists UK ( formerly the British Humanist Association ) , a UK charity representing non-religious people who want a secular state .
She credits Ivy and Barack Obama " s presidency for the previous assuagement of her anxiety .
The New Zealand Labour Party refused to join the coalition , as it believed that the only solution to the depression was socialism , which United and Reform did not support .
On Election Day , he was on the ballot in 46 states and the District of Columbia , and finished in third place with approximately 0.47 % of the vote , behind Democratic candidate Michael Dukakis and the winner Vice President George H.W. Bush .
David was the younger son of Adarnase V , a representative of the Second House of Tao , a branch of the Kartli line of the Georgian Bagrationi ( Bagratid ) dynasty which held sway over Tao ( a province on the historic Georgian-Armenian border known to the Armenians as Tayk ; now part of Turkey ) since the extinction of the original Tao line in the 940s .
Colony of Aden also competed by special invitation .
The son of actress Mia Farrow and filmmaker Woody Allen , he is known for writing the 2017 articles in " The New Yorker " that helped uncover allegations of sexual abuse against film producer Harvey Weinstein .
This is the last election as of 2019 where Maine has not voted for the same candidate as fellow New England state Vermont , and one of only two such cases since 1856 United States presidential election .
The new cabinet had four Labourites ( now called " National Labour Organisation " ) who stood with MacDonald , plus four Conservatives ( led by Baldwin and Chamberlain ) and two Liberals .
The Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary or United States Penitentiary , Alcatraz Island ( often referred to as Alcatraz or The Rock ) was a maximum security federal prison on Alcatraz Island , off the coast of San Francisco , California , United States , which operated from August 11 , 1934 , until March 21 , 1963 .
Miller has said he became a committed conservative after reading " Guns , Crime , and Freedom " , a book opposing gun control by Wayne LaPierre , CEO of the National Rifle Association .
The nuncio resides in South Africa .
By June of the same year , the newly proclaimed President Elpidio Quirino , who succeeded President Roxas , affixed his signature on Republic Act ( RA ) No. 265 , the Central Bank Act of 1948 .
Jim Prentice , who had been a candidate in the 2003 Progressive Conservative leadership election , entered the Conservative leadership race in mid-December but dropped out in mid-January because of an inability to raise funds so soon after his earlier leadership bid .
He also made several attempts to expand his suzerainty over the rulers of Bosnia , Moldavia , Wallachia , and parts of Second Bulgarian Empire and Serbia .
In the Republican leadership elections that followed the general election , Speaker Hastert did not run and Republicans chose John Boehner of Ohio for House Minority Leader .
She regularly appeared on " CNN Tonight with Don Lemon " , and was a frequent member of Anderson Cooper ' s guest panel of political experts on CNN 's Election Night Coverage .
Liberalism has played a role in the political history of Israel since Israel 's founding .
During the 1992-1995 Bosnian War , the state of Bosnia and Herzegovina ( where the approximately 43 % of the population that was Muslim formed the largest religious group ) received aid from Saudi groups - International Islamic Relief Organization , Saudi High Commission for Relief , Muwaffaq Foundations - as well as from non-Saudi Islamic groups .
271 Tammany never recovered from prosecutions of the 1940s , but it staged a small-scale comeback in the early 1950s under the leadership of Carmine DeSapio , who succeeded in engineering the elections of .
Yitzhak Kahan , Aharon Barak , Efrat , Yona ( 1983 ) " The Commission of Inquiry into events at the refugee camps in Beirut 1983 FINAL REPORT ( Authorized translation ) " p.108 has " This report was signed on 7 February 1982 .
Reagan met actress Nancy Reagan ( 1921-2016 ) Actor William Holden served as best man at the ceremony .
In 2015 , Kevin Hollinrake was elected as MP .
After the election , he served as Kim 's secretary in the Reunification Democratic Party between 1988 and 1990 , and as secretary in the Democratic Liberal Party ( later New Korea Party ) between 1990 and 1992 .
Nikolić was born in Sokobanja , then part of the Socialist Republic of Serbia in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
Centre-right Alliance which led by Moderate Party formed a minority coalition government from 2010 to 2014 .
Born in Paris , he distinguished himself during the 1850s when , as Minister of Foreign Affairs for Brazil , he organized the Brazilian Diplomatic Corps and structured the entire Brazilian policy of intervention in the River Plate against Juan Manuel de Rosas from Argentina , and Manuel Oribe from Uruguay .
Ante Starčević signed a pre-election coalition agreement with far right Croatian Pure Party of Rights .
A member of Mapam , she was elected to the Knesset on its list in 1955 , and was re-elected in 1959 , 1961 , and 1965 , after which she served as a Deputy Speaker .
The Socialist Revolutionary Party ( SR ) Directory leader and members were arrested on November 18 by a troop of Cossacks under ataman I. N. Krasilnikov .
Lubbers semi-retired from active politics and became active in the public sector and occupied numerous seats as a non-profit director on several boards of directors and supervisory boards ( World Wide Fund for Nature , Earth Charter , Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research , Club of Rome and the Institute of International Relations Clingendael ) and served on several state commissions and councils on behalf of the government ( Mine Council and the Council for Culture .
The series presents a fictionalized version of the local government of New York City , and follows its mayor Randall Winston ( Barry Bostwick ) and his staff as they run the city , although the main person in charge is Deputy mayor Mike Flaherty ( Fox ) .
Principal filming was shot on location in Kigali , and Johannesburg , South Africa .
However , Oliphant did not pursue this bid , deferring to former Ontario New Democratic Party Premier Bob Rae who became the Liberal candidate in this riding .
The parties that joined the coalition were the Blasquist Autonomist Party ( PBA , that considered itself a continuation of the Autonomist Republican Union Party political movement of the early 20th century ) , Regional Party of the Valencian Community ( split of Valencian Union ) , Valencianist Renovation ( another split of Valencian Union ) , Blasquist Republican Party ( PRB , that also considered itself a continuation of Autonomist Republican Union Party ) .
The Carolina Cougars of the American Basketball Association played a majority of their home games at the Greensboro Coliseum during their tenure in North Carolina from 1969 to 1974 , before moving to St. Louis and becoming the Spirits of St. Louis .
The Kashmir issue and across the border terrorism have been the cause of conflicts between the two countries mostly with the exception of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 where conflict originated due to turmoil in erstwhile East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) .
It was named after Bedminster , then in Somerset , England , and now a district of Bristol .Lurie , Maxine N. ; and Mappen , Marc .
In February 2014 , Mohamed was part of a Somali government delegation in Addis Ababa led by Prime Minister Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed , where the visiting officials met with Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn to discuss strengthening bilateral relations between Somalia and Ethiopia .
In April 2010 , the Guardian Newspaper published Silver 's predictions for the 2010 United Kingdom general election .
Kiani was also a part of Sohail Rana ' s children 's program " Rang Barangi Dunya , " a weekly musical on PTV .
Tørnæs became a Member of the European Parliament following the 2014 European Parliament election in Denmark .
On 14 October , Bavaria made a formal declaration of war against First French Empire .
Wade Rathke founded ACORN in 1970 , after the National Welfare Rights Organization ( NWRO ) sent him to Little Rock , Arkansas , as an organizer .
This election saw the first electoral success of the PMK , when its candidate Panruti S. Ramachandran was elected from the Panruti constituency .
There are currently five living former Prime Ministers , following the resignation of Theresa May in July 2019 .
In 1383 , he succeeded to the Principality of Achaea on the death of James of Baux .
The 2020 Michigan Democratic primary took place in Michigan , United States , on Tuesday , March 10 , 2020 , as one of several states voting the week after Super Tuesday in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 United States presidential election .
From 1250 Egypt had been ruled by the Bahri dynasty of Kipchak origin .
Democrats both inside and outside the state saw the contest as a chance to respond electorally to the presidency of Donald Trump , which had led to widespread protests since his inauguration the month before , and while Hansen and Marino primarily campaigned on local issues , she touched on national concerns in her advertising and speeches .
The Union of the Crowns in 1603 expanded the personal union to include Kingdom of Scotland .
Walsh was born an only child in St. Louis , Missouri .
Kalniņa was born in the village of Vanči in Courland Governorate , Russian Empire ( today in Latvia ) on 24 February 1874 .
The Ghad El-Thawra Party was contesting the Egyptian parliamentary election , 2011-2012 with fifteen candidates ( thirteen for the lower house and two for the upper ) as part of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party -led Democratic Alliance for Egypt .
The centrists had proposed that the Communist Party should tone down its revolutionary line , seek cooperation with the government and distance itself from the Communist International , in order to save the party from the harsh repression inflicted upon it .
In the 1943 New Zealand general election Labour 's majority was reduced , but it remained in power .
After Benoît Hamon won the nomination for the Parti Socialiste on a left-wing platform , beating former Prime Minister , Manuel Valls , 58-41 ,
Some states , such as France , have a semi-presidential system which falls between parliamentary and congressional systems , combining a powerful head of state ( president ) with a head of government , the prime minister , who is responsible to parliament .
Dagmar Lorenz , professor of Germanic Studies at the University of Illinois at Chicago , in a book review of author Edgar Hilsenrath for the Simon Wiesenthal Center , notes Feigl as a supporter of " Turkish cryptofascist anti-Armenian propaganda " and condemns " A Myth of Terror " as a " revisionist publication " that " abounds with misleading details .
In 1929 when Mao and Zhu De arrived in the Xingguo area , Yang greeted them .
Although the West German economic growth was more directly enhanced by the social market economy policies of Economics Minister Ludwig Erhard , many West German voters gave Adenauer the credit for it.Erling Bjöl , Grimberg 's History of the Nations , volume 23 : The Rich West , " A Giant Dwarf : West Germany , " Helsinki : WSOY , 1985Dennis L. Bark and David R. Gress , A History of West Germany , volume 1 : 1945-1963 : From Shadow to Substance , London , UK : Basil Blackwell , 1989
Image : MargaretChaseSmith.jpg | center Senator br Margaret Chase Smith brof Maine / center
In its lyrics , Egotronic often communicates political messages , for example on the debates on Leitkultur or Jürgen Möllemann .
It is reported that between May and July 1997 Abdul Malik Pahlawan executed thousands of Taliban prisoners as a revenge for the 1995 death of Abdul Ali Mazari .
Babić consolidated power over the region , which soon became the SAO Krajina ( SAO Krajina ) .
Incumbent Michael Nutter had been Mayor of Philadelphia since 2008 after being elected in the 2007 election , and was re-elected with approximately 75 % of the vote .
After that , Rukavina returned to Zagreb , which was the capital of the Independent State of Croatia at the time , and at the beginning of August 1941 he went to Kordun where he also worked on the founding of partisan detachments .
All nine supporters of Stephen ( Stephen himself , Kieren Keke , Mathew Batsiua , Roland Kun , Frederick Pitcher , Sprent Dabwido , former Speaker Riddell Akua , Dominic Tabuna and Rykers Solomon ) were reelected , while three opposition MPs ( former President René Harris , Cyril Buraman and Fabian Ribauw ) lost their seats ; , AFP ( " The China Post " ) , April 28 , 2008 .
The district stretches from the northern Harris County and Houston suburbs of Spring and Kingwood to southern Liberty County and much of the Golden Triangle region .
The party may be seen as a precursor to the Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU ) , but alongside the CSU the Bavaria Party which has members elected to city councils in some Bavarian regions and the Bavarian Centre Party were also refounded after World War II and are explicitly claiming the historical heritage of the BVP .
Media tycoon Silvio Berlusconi entered politics later that year and won the 1994 general election , in what many thought was a move to shield his many business concerns from possible scrutiny .
The previous election , in 2011 , resulted in a Civic Platform - Polish People 's Party ( PSL ) government .
( Kiichi Miyazawa , twenty years his senior , once addressed Ozawa as " Great Secretary General " in a leadership meeting ) .
The 2nd District had been represented by Republicans continuously since its creation , and had been represented by Republican Dean Heller of Carson City since 2007 .
In the fall of 1941 , Gaidar and other soldiers were surrounded by Nazi Germany troops .
In the presidential election , Democratic Governor Bill Clinton of Arkansas defeated Republican incumbent President George H. W. Bush and Texas businessman Ross Perot .
It was created for the 1885 United Kingdom general election and abolished for the 1997 United Kingdom general election , when it was replaced by the new constituency of Camberwell and Peckham .
Stronach , elected as a Conservative in the 2004 election , crossed the floor to the Liberal Party of Canada on May 17 , 2005 .
On 20 October 2012 the Trades Union Congress had organised simultaneous marches in Belfast , London and Glasgow .
The Belgian government 's ambivalence about the idea led Leopold to eventually create the colony on his own account , achieving international recognition for the Congo Free State in 1885 .
Initial attempts to introduce a voluntary identity card were made under the Conservative administration of John Major , under the then Home Secretary Michael Howard .
Some Republicans , including senators Lisa Murkowski and Orrin Hatch , floated the prospect of a write-in campaign to elect Luther Strange .
The elections were called after President Niceto Alcalá Zamora was dismissed by Congress due to irregularities in the 1936 Spanish general election , which was declared " unjustified .
( Doc Adams )
Dudeney returned to England in 1907 where he was made Editor of the " Leicester Pioneer " at the time when Ramsay MacDonald was MP for Leicester .
After Sorkin left the series , Wells assumed the role of head writer , with later executive producers being directors Alex Graves and Christopher Misiano ( seasons 6-7 ) , and writers .
Roberts was a Kansas newspaperman , former Kansas state party chair , U.S. Senator Frank Carlson ' s 1950 campaign manager , and an old-fashioned party loyalist who could work the patronage system .
On October 1 , 1923 , a telegram signed by Comintern President Grigory Zinoviev on behalf of the Executive Committee of the Comintern was dispatched to the national committee of the German Communist Party declaring that by its estimate " the decisive moment will come in four , five , six weeks .
In the early 1990s Lage became an adviser to Fidel Castro , gaining a reputation as Cuba 's " primary economic fixer .
In 1719 during reign of Deshalji I , Khan , who was Mughal Empire Viceroy of Gujarat invaded Kutch .
In February 1994 the PLI was dissolved into the Federation of Liberals ( FdL ) , Costa refused to join the new party and led the UdC into the coalitions formed around Forza Italia ( FI ) , the Pole of Freedoms in the North and the Pole of Good Government in the South .
Despite Galloway not standing , his former Respect colleague Salma Yaqoob did stand as an Independent , garnering 6,345 votes ( 13.9 % ) , not far behind the second-placed Conservative candidate .
There were also 742 members of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and 1,225 members of Komsomol .
Its web site hosted Ralph Nader ' s interactive blog and one by Kevin Zeese , director of the organization and a 2006 U.S. Senate candidate in Maryland .
On March 8 , 2006 , Nooke was appointed as the Federal Commissioner for Human Rights Policy and Humanitarian Aid in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel .
" A Warning to the Hindus " is a 1939 book let by intellectual and mystic Savitri Devi .
In reaction to events in Quebec and formal demands of the Lesage government , Lester Pearson ' s ruling Liberal Party of Canada in Ottawa sought to address the new political assertiveness of Quebec .
It purchased " The Jerusalem Report " from Conrad Black ' s .
His highest score of 137 came against Bangladesh at Hagley Oval , Christchurch in December 2016 .
The monarchs of the Kingdom of France and its predecessors ( and successor monarchies ) ruled from the establishment of the Francia in 486 until the fall of the Second French Empire in 1870 , with several interruptions .
On 19 May 1974 Merlyn Rees , the then Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , signed a proclamation of a State of Emergency in the region under the amended Act , following the outbreak of the Ulster Workers ' Council strike which eventually led to the collapse of the Sunningdale Agreement .
Abu Najib Mohammad Tareque was born on 5 September 1970 , in Borogur Gola , Dinajpur , East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) .
Lord Soames , following the recommendation of Prime Minister-elect Robert Mugabe , appointed Todd to the Senate on 8 April 1980 , where Todd served until his retirement in 1985 .
The fresh momentum emboldened the revolutionaries to definitively abolish the monarchy and proclaim the French First Republic the very next day .
However , in 2000 United States presidential election in Minnesota Al Gore carried the state with just 48 % of the vote , by a margin of just 2.5 % .
On December 6 , the " Times-Picayune " reiterated its endorsement of Cao , this time pointing to President-Elect Barack Obama ' s efforts on behalf of Democrat Paul Carmouche in the simultaneous election in Louisiana 's 4th congressional district and Obama 's non-involvement in efforts to support Jefferson .
Yamagata like many Japanese was strongly influenced by the striking success of Prussia in transforming itself from an agricultural state to a leading industrial and military power .
Many of the Indians were citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies and 27,200 refugees subsequently emigrated to the United Kingdom .
" The letter was endorsed by , amongst others , novelist John le Carré , historians Antony Beevor and Tom Holland and Muslims Against Antisemitism head Ghanem Nuseibeh .
That same year , al-Kassar obtained an Argentina passport , with the alleged plan to move there , with the assistance of then-president Carlos Menem , whose parents were from the same town in Syria as those of al-Kassar , and who may have been a relative .
It lies just south of the Indus River in the Astore District of Gilgit-Baltistan , Pakistan .
As a result of this , the Hellenic Front ceased its political activity in 2005 and was subsequently merged with the more successful Popular Orthodox Rally ( LAOS ) party .
Just prior to the 2010 Myanmar general election , Myanmar 's government sold an 80 % stake in MAI to one of the country 's largest financial institutions , Kanbawza Bank Ltd , retaining a 20 % stake through the state-owned domestic carrier , Myanma Airways .
In a nationwide vote on 16 November 2006 , members of the party chose the regional president of Poitou-Charentes , Ségolène Royal .
CfS played a key role in organising Neil Findlay and Katy Clark ' s leadership bid in the 2014 Scottish Labour Party leadership election .
The Government of the 8th Dáil or the 7th Executive Council ( 8 February 1933 to 21 July 1937 ) was the Executive Council of the Irish Free State formed after the 1933 Irish general election held on 24 January 1933 .
Zhou cultivated a close personal friendship with General Feng Yuxiang , making it possible for Zhou to circulate freely among the officers of the Nationalist Army .
Before Yemen 's unification , Al-Iryani served in the government of North Yemen as Minister of Development ( 1974-1976 ) , Minister of Education ( 1976-1978 ) , Prime Minister ( 1980-1983 ) , and Minister of Foreign Affairs ( 1984-1990 ) .
He travelled via Moscow and the Trans-Siberian Railway and reported floods at Karuizawa , the convention at Arima Onsen and a tour which included Kōfu , Yamanashi Nagasaki , Fukuoka and Nakatsu .
Italy was defeated by a force of the United Kingdom , the Commonwealth of Nations , Free France , Free Belgium , and Ethiopian patriots .
The program , which featured host commentary with a mix of listener call-in and guest segments , was broadcast live every weekday from the Fox News Channel studios in New York City from 12 : 00 p.m. to 2 : 00 p.m. ( total runtime approximately 120 minutes , less 34 for commercials ) and was distributed by Westwood One in conjunction with Fox News Radio .
Faced with total collapse , the royal family ( except the Shah and the Crown Prince ) fled to Isfahan .
For instance , it helped more than 1,000 children emigrate to Switzerland and Spain .
After briefly serving as War Minister in 1920 , Fevzi left to join the dissident Grand National Assembly in Ankara as a Member of Parliament for Kozan .
In 2017 , The Lugar Center , a Washington , D.C.-based nonprofit founded by Senator Richard Lugar released a bipartisan index in cooperation with Georgetown University , ranking Senator Collins the most bipartisan senator during the first session of the 115th Congress ( and the only U.S. Senator from the Northeast ranked among the top 10 most bipartisan senators ) .
In retirement , he earned a PhD in theology from the National Open University of Nigeria .
On the accession of Roman Catholic Queen Mary in July 1553 , he fled to Copenhagen with a shipload of refugees from the Strangers ' Church .
However , losses of revenue due to the secession of Grand Duchy of Lithuania placed John at the mercy of the Polish " sejmik " s , or local diets , where the " szlachta " , or local nobles , made their subsidies dependent on the king 's subservience .
Gilmore 1897 : 11 He arrived with a letter addressed to the governor of the Northwest Territory , Arthur St. Clair from George Washington , recommending him for public office .
58 Manuilă also envisaged the mass return of ethnic Romanians from Bulgaria and Serbia , the eventual relocation to Germany of all Germans in Romania , and a voluntary repatriation of the Csangos and Romanian Turks .Achim ( 2001 ) , pp. 593 , 598-606 , 608 ; ( 2005 ) , p .
While the Ministry of Dáil Éireann ( 1919-22 ) did not initially have a provision for a deputy president , when President of Dáil Éireann Éamon de Valera travelled to the United States in June 1919 , he requested by letter that Arthur Griffith be appointed as Deputy President in his absence .
In 2002 , Federico Mayor Zaragoza co-founded with Boutros Boutros Ghali , John Brademas , Edward J. Nell , Karim Errouaki and Alain Chanlat the Centre Humanism , Management & amp ; Globalization ( HMG ) at HEC-Montreal .
Dole was also leading in the polls of the New Hampshire primary , and the Bush camp responded by running television commercials portraying Dole as a tax raiser , while Governor John H. Sununu campaigned for Bush .
During the 2006 Liberal Party of Canada leadership election , Oliphant was an advisor to Michael Ignatieff " s campaign .
On May 28 , 2011 , Farrakhan , speaking at the American Clergy Leadership Conference , lambasted Obama over the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the Libya intervention , calling him an " assassin " and a " murderer .
Donald Trump is the third U.S. president to be impeached by the House of Representatives , after Andrew Johnson in 1868 and Bill Clinton in 1999 .
Prominent members of the New School included Nathaniel William Taylor , Eleazar T. Fitch , Chauncey A. Goodrich , Albert Barnes , Lyman Beecher ( the father of Harriet Beecher Stowe and Henry Ward Beecher ) , Henry Boynton Smith , Erskine Mason , George Duffield , Nathan Beman , Charles Finney , George Cheever , Samuel Fisher , " Available .
The Ministry of Digital Transformation ( ) is a government ministry in Ukraine that was established on 29 August 2019 when Mykhailo Fedorov was appointed as Minister of Digital Transformation in the Honcharuk Government .
The breakdown of delegates by party was thus : 285 Socialist-Revolutionaries , 248 Mensheviks , 105 Bolsheviks , 32 Menshevik Internationalists , and others .
In December 1972 , the Coalition for a Democratic Majority , a faction within the Democratic Party , was created after the landslide victory of Republican Richard Nixon over anti-war progressive Democrat George McGovern in the 1972 United States presidential election .
For a while , he was part of the traveling show promoted by Henry Jasper Redfern in Sheffield , England and often billed as the " strongest man on earth .
This is a complete list of Members of Parliament elected to the 40th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1951 United Kingdom general election on 25 October 1951 .
After failing to win a seat in the 2011 District Council elections , and against protests by rural committee members and local villagers , he was directly appointed back to the council by Chief Executive Donald Tsang , and on 4 January 2012 was elected by District Councillors back into the post of council chairman .
The following morning , ARVN armoured elements held off a PAVN offensive briefly when the crucial Highway QL-1 bridge over the Cửa Việt River at Đông Hà was blown up by Capt. John Ripley , adviser to the 3rd Vietnamese Marine Battalion .
All members of the Bonaparte dynasty were forced into exile after the defeat of Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo and the Bourbon Restoration of monarchy in France .
" He quoted Max Stier of the Partnership for Public Service as saying " We 've never seen vacancies at this scale .
The Labour manifesto for the 1997 United Kingdom general election stated " We are committed to a referendum on the voting system for the House of Commons .
He also worked as research fellow at the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Studies during the late 1970s and was elected Member of the Royal Irish Academy in 1977 , serving as Vice-President from 1989 to 1990 .
The fraudulent Emma Silver Mine swindle that involved Ambassador to Britain Robert C. Schenck was a Grant administration embarrassment and is not included as a scandal .
In May 2012 , the FFRF , acting on a complaint from a resident , asked the city of Woonsocket , Rhode Island , to remove a Latin cross from a World War I and II memorial on public land. which the FFRF have yet to do , citing the difficulty with another case that occurred with another plaintiff in the state , Jessica Ahlquist , in the case Ahlquist v. Cranston .
The triglavka or Triglav cap ( in Slovenia ) or the partizanka or Partizan cap ( in Croatia ) but quickly spread through the Partisan movement , particularly among Slovene Partisans .
In 1836 he moved with family to Berlin , where , after the completion of the Köllnisches Gymnasium in 1852 , he studied architecture at the Bauakademie , a Berlin architectural school housed in what is considered one of the forerunners of modern architecture due to its theretofore uncommon use of red brick and a relatively streamlined façade .
The election commission decisions , upheld in their entirety after the appeals , appeared to have made the election less polarized and possibly to have improved the prospects of the candidates considered outside the two main currents , such as Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh , a liberal reformer , formerly of the Muslim Brotherhood , or Amr Moussa , the former Foreign Affairs Minister and Secretary General of the Arab League .
Cable entered the House of Commons after defeating sitting Conservative MP Toby Jessel in the Twickenham constituency in his second attempt , at the 1997 United Kingdom general election .
He is the founder of the Party of Free Citizens which he led until 2017 when November 2017 Party of Free Citizens leadership election by Tomáš Pajonk .
Charlot Salwai Tabimasmas following the 2016 Vanuatuan general election , and dismissed on 20 April 2020 following the 2020 general election .
Ayman Nour left the New Wafd Party in 2001 , and established El-Ghad .
During the impeachment of Alberto Dahik over trials of embezzlement , Armijos became a vocal defender of Dahik and caused some controversy when she said " a loss for the country , where there are not many smart men " after his flight from Ecuador to Costa Rica .
Incumbent Democratic Secretary of State Doug La Follette ran unsuccessfully for Lieutenant Governor and Phillips won the highly fractured nine-candidate Democratic primary with just 25.6 % , though she did finish more than 10 % ahead of the second-place candidate , Native American advocate and scholar Ada Deer .parties .
In February 2011 , the Tea Party Patriots organized and hosted the American Policy Summit in Phoenix , Arizona .
Protestant missionaries began to work throughout India , leading to the growth of different Christian communities .
The law that provided for the construction of the current building was signed on February 13 , 1811 by James Monroe , with the building being completed in 1813 .
From May through August 1939 , Pressman attacked support for the " David I. Walsh amendments " to the 1935 National Labor Relations Act ( AKA the " Wagner Act " ) .
Although the opposition APNU and Alliance for Change ( AFC ) won more seats than the PPP , the leader of the largest party automatically became President , meaning PPP leader Donald Ramotar became President .
However , in a parliamentary republic with a head of state whose tenure is dependent on parliament , the head of government and head of state can form one office ( as in Botswana , the Marshall Islands , Nauru , and South Africa ) , but the president is still selected in much the same way as the prime minister is in most Westminster systems .
They returned to French Indochina after the war .
Jonah Hill and Leonardo DiCaprio were originally set to star in the film , ultimately serving only as producers .
The European Free Trade Association ( EFTA ) is a regional trade organization and free trade area consisting of four European states : Iceland , Liechtenstein , Norway , and Switzerland .
The incumbent government was a coalition consisting of The Left , the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) , and The Greens , led by Minister-President Bodo Ramelow .
Cardona spent five years to Secretaries William M. Daley and Mickey Kantor .
" Minjuhwa " originally meant " democratic " in the Korea n language pronunciation and Hangul spelling .
The body thus oversaw the activities of the Bulgarian Communist Party ( BKP ) , the League of Communists of Yugoslavia ( KPJ ) , the Communist Party of Greece ( KKE ) , the Communist Party of Turkey ( TKP ) , and , to a certain measure , those of the Romanian Communist Party ( PCdR ) .
The current Secretary for Justice is Teresa Cheng , GBS , SC , JP .
Harold Dubinsky was born in Brooklyn , New York City in 1914 , the son of ethnic Jews who emigrated to America from Ukraine , then part of the Russian Empire .
After returning to Kabul , he became editor of the Parcham newspaper , " Parcham " , and oversaw the Parchams recruitment program in the Afghan army .
The eminent architect Robert Adam and his brother James were selected for the project in 1772 and the foundation stone was laid in 1774 , by which time the original plans had been modified .
In 1910 , Weaver , now living in Dubbo , contested the seat of Ashburnham for the Liberal Party but was defeated on 46-53 % against the Labor Party 's John Lynch .
( 株洲湘火炬火花塞有限责任公司 ) , has been created in 1961 , and is located in Zhuzhou , Hunan Province , China .
In 2010 , Eilidh Whiteford succeeded Salmond - by then First Minister of Scotland - as the constituency 's MP , but the SNP vote share fell below 50 % for the first time since 1992 , due to a strong challenge by the Conservative Party .
Russell 's efficient administration as mayor , particularly in the enforcement of the liquor ban , and his effective campaign speeches during the 1884 United States presidential election made him a prominent figure in state politics .
Hanifah is the youngest daughter of Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Sarawak Abdul Taib Mahmud , who was the longest-serving Chief Minister of Sarawak .
He was born in an Aromanian family in Zagna , Vădeni , Brăila County , as his family had been deported to the Bărăgan by the Communist authorities because of their associations with the pre-World War II fascist Iron Guard .
The constituency hugs the Caribbean Sea shoreline on the northwest outskirts of Belize City , also taking in some of the city center .
The prolonged and escalating warfare of the 6th and 7th centuries left them exhausted and vulnerable in the face of the sudden emergence and expansion of the Rashidun Caliphate , whose forces invaded both empires only a few years after the end of the last Roman & amp ; ndash ; Persian war .
On 18 May 2015 the daily newspaper " Komsomolskaya Pravda " reported that Yevgeny Alexeyevich Fyodorov , a State Duma deputy for United Russia , had requested the Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation to assess whether Mikhail Kasyanov and Kara-Murza had not committed an act of treason , under Article 275 of the RF Criminal Code , by submitting the above list of eight names to members of the US Congress .
She led the petitioning drive to win Gifford Miller a place on the ballot in the race for Mayor of New York City ( 2005 ) .
As a supporter of the July Monarchy , he was recalled to active duty and given command of the Hautes and Basses-Pyrénées ( 1830-1833 ) , of the division of the Pyrénées occidentales ( 1833-1840 ) and of the 20th military division ( 1840-1850 ) .
Flowers plays an unnamed protagonist who leaves his young wife ( played by Evan Rachel Wood ) for some unknown errand in the desert , despite her pleas that he stay with her " tonight of all nights .
The PNR was founded in 1929 by Plutarco Elías Calles , Mexico 's paramount leader at the time and self-proclaimed " Jefe Máximo " ( Supreme Chief ) of the Mexican Revolution .
" It was strongly associated with G. D. H. Cole and influenced by the ideas of William Morris .
According to the World Bank , Chávez 's social measures reduced poverty from about 49 % in 1998 to about 25 % .
His last position was from 2000 to 2002 as chief political editor and commentator of the newspaper , working from The Hague .
The Unionists , as representatives of the Liberal-Conservative Coalition government of David Lloyd George had as their candidate , Stafford Hotchkin ( 1876-1953 ) , a farmer , former soldier , Sheriff of Rutland and a local Justice of the Peace .
" David Howarth , a Liberal Democrat MP , said : " I am increasingly worried that what the police are saying about the protests will end up in a self-fulfilling prophecy .
Already experienced in matters of state when he ascended the throne , he continued his father 's policy of maintaining independence in the face of Granada 's larger neighbours , the Christian kingdom of Crown of Castile and the Muslim Marinid state of Morocco , as well as an internal rebellion by his family 's former allies , the Banu Ashqilula .
The purpose of the conference was to find a solution to the First Moroccan Crisis of 1905 between France and Germany , which arose as Germany responded to France 's effort to establish a protectorate over the independent state of Morocco .
Evgeny Afineevsky , the director of the short film , previously wrote a letter of support for the Hong Kong activists .
The Labour Party returned to opposition following the 2016 Irish general election , in greatly reduced numbers .
Congress met in this building in central Santiago until Salvador Allende ' s socialist government was overthrown by Augusto Pinochet ' s military coup d 'état on September 11 , 1973 .
He has also provided his support to the newly established University of Fiji by taking up the position of professor of humanities and the arts .
He was defeated by conservative rural leader Tang Siu-tong by only four percent of the votes .
This period saw a great proliferation of trade and cultural interaction between the three Okinawan polities and other states in the region ; sources seem to indicate , however , that only Chūzan successfully established relations with the Ashikaga shogunate of Japan in this period .
Led by Dr. Kenny Anthony , former cabinet minister in the 1979-1982 government , it won the 1997 elections , taking 16 of the 17 seats .
These trade goods would also form , in addition to slaves , the backbone of the Kongo 's trade with Europeans ( primarily the Portugal ) , upon their arrival .
Parliamentary elections were held in Lithuania on 14 October 2012 , with a second round on 28 October in the constituencies where no candidate won a majority in the first round of voting .
Throughout his congressional service , Hobbs was closely allied with J. Edgar Hoover , head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) .
The NLB was formed by Act of Parliament in 1786 as the Commissioners of Northern Light Houses , largely at the urging of the lawyer and politician George Dempster of Dunnichen ( " Honest George " ) , to oversee the construction and operation of four Scottish lighthouses : Kinnaird Head , North Ronaldsay , Scalpay and Mull of Kintyre , for which they were empowered to borrow up to £ 1,200 .
According to the Bolivian ambassador Pablo Solón Romero , the International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) , part of the World Bank Group , was a share-holder of Aguas de Illimani .
Upon arriving at their hotel rooms , delegates were provided with an assortment of written reports , draft resolutions , and copies of two recently published books - " Terrorism and Communism " by Leon Trotsky and " " " Left-Wing " Communism : An Infantile Disorder " by V.I. Lenin .
Term-limited , Jarvis stepped down as governor in 1885 , but was appointed United States Minister to Brazil by President Grover Cleveland .
After the election of 2002 the Leader of the Christian Democratic Appeal and Parliamentary leader of the Christian Democratic Appeal in the House of Representatives Jan Peter Balkenende became Prime Minister in the Cabinet Balkenende I and Verhagen was selected as his successor as Parliamentary leader in the House of Representatives , taking office on 11 July 2002 .
In doing so , communists relied on political traditions ( including the over-representation of Jews within its own ranks ) , as well on the monopolisation of anti-fascist discourse by the Soviet Union after the Holocaust : " Given the Jewish people 's suffering at the hands of fascism , it seemed that PCR members could do no wrong , and that their moral-political investment would turn a profit .
As a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany he was elected to the East German " Volkskammer " in the 1990 East German general election .
Gerry Studds , born in Mineola , New York , was a descendant of Elbridge Gerry , the governor of Massachusetts who is commemorated in the word ' gerrymander ' .
He later was Secretary of War and Attorney General of the United States and the father of President William Howard Taft .
At the turn of the century , Morgan was chief executive of the North & amp ; amp ; East Devon Health Authority , based in Exeter where her husband taught at Exeter School .
For the first year of her career , the " Mississippi " plied the waters between London , Swansea , Philadelphia and Baltimore .The Baltimore Sun , " Port Paragraphs , " Nov 28 , 1890 , pg .
In a surprise appearance , UNA-UK Patron Sir Patrick Stewart also addressed attendees on the vital importance of the UN .
On 18 June , Iranian film makers Marjane Satrapi and Mohsen Makhmalbaf appeared before Green Party members in the European Parliament to present a document allegedly received from a member of the Iranian electoral commission claiming that Mir-Hossein Mousavi had actually won the election , and that the conservative incumbent Mahmoud Ahmedinejad had received only 12 % of the vote.Los Angeles Times
Of these , Theodore Roosevelt , Calvin Coolidge , Harry S. Truman , and Lyndon B. Johnson were subsequently elected to a full term of their own , while John Tyler , Millard Fillmore , Andrew Johnson , Chester A. Arthur , and Gerald Ford were not .
Bratislava was won by the centre-right Slovak Democratic and Christian Union - Democratic Party , having previously been held by ĽS-HZDS-backed Vladimír Bajan
In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , the Artillery shared Citizens ' Hall with the Grand Army of the Republic ' s Harvey Holt Post .
The seat is located entirely within the Atiwa District of the Central Region of Ghana .
In response to a Japanese request , Prussian Chief of Staff Helmuth von Moltke the Elder selected Meckel.Nishitani , Yuko " et al .
He received 986 votes , finishing fifth against Liberal candidate Alan Tonks .
In the 2011 Peruvian general election , she was re-elected for another five-year term on the ticket of the Alliance for the Great Change to which the Christian People 's Party now belongs .
Cheek had become active as a lay leader at St. Alban 's Episcopal Church in Annandale , Virginia , when her rector encouraged her to take some classes at Virginia Theological Seminary because she was increasingly being asked to lead programs at the church.McDaniel , p .
Local government in Belize consists of four types of local authorities : city councils , town councils , village councils and community councils .
As a result , Huang Hao resented him and found an excuse to send him out of Chengdu , the Shu capital , to serve as the Administrator of Badong Commandery ( 巴東郡 ; around present-day Fengjie County , Chongqing ) near the border between Shu and its ally state Eastern Wu .
Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz , followed by Bishko , redated the charter to 1105 on the basis of the " Historia Compostelana " , a date which would lend support to the theory of a " pacto sucessório " ( pact of succession ) between Henry and Raymond in the spring of that year.Reilly 1988 , 325 n104 .
He was also a member of the Executive Committee of the Victorian Order of Nurses , a founding member of the Canadian Red Cross and an active member of the Methodist Church .
After Russia 's victory over the Ottoman Empire in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78 , Bismarck helped negotiate a settlement at the Congress of Berlin .
The extreme Croat nationalist and fascist Ante Pavelić , who had been in exile in Benito Mussolini ' s Kingdom of Italy , was then appointed " Poglavnik " ( leader ) of an Ustaše -led Croatian state - the Independent State of Croatia ( often called the NDH , from the
Image : John Wingate Weeks , Bain bw photo portrait.jpg | center Senator br John W. Weeks brof Massachusetts / center
She lost the Liberal nomination in a highly contested race against John Robert Evans for the 1978 by-election in Rosedale .
The other goal of his late March 2011 visit to Islamabad was to raise the prospect of a return engagement for the Pakistan Army .
Rodgers persuaded J. Ogden Armour , of Armour and Company , to sponsor the flight , and in return he named the plane , a Wright Model EX , after Armour 's grape soft drink " Vin Fiz " .
On July 7 , 2008 , Puerto Rico ' s Governor Aníbal Acevedo Vilá announced that all 15 Puerto Rico Department of Transportation and Public Works Driver 's Services Centers will implement a new system complying with the Real-ID Act .
The Medes came to prominence in 612 BCE when they joined with the Babylonians in overthrowing Assyria .
Around 5,000 organizations have joined the campaign , which has also been aided or endorsed by religious ministers , movement builders , actors Rosario Dawson , Robert Redford ,
Sheikh Khalifa succeeded his father , Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan , as Emir of Abu Dhabi on 2 November 2004 and became the President of the UAE the next day .
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor in the summer of 1946 and ten candidates entered the contest .
There , Tenorio met with Republican leadership in Congress , including Rep. Tom DeLay ( R -Texas ) , Rep. Newt Gingrich ( R- Georgia ) , Rep. Dana Rohrabacher ( R-California ) , and several others .
Southern Rhodesia ( later Zimbabwe ) , became a self-governing colony in 1923 .
In 1831 Casimir Pierre Périer formed a more vigorous and compact administration , terminated in May 1832 by his death ; the summer of that year was marked by a formidable republican rising in Paris , and it was not until 11 October 1832 that a stable government was formed , in which Marshal Soult was first minister , Victor , 3rd duc de Broglie took the foreign office , Adolphe Thiers the home department , and Guizot the department of public instruction .
This article lists the colonial governors of Walvis Bay , a city in the modern day Namibia ( currently the third largest city in the country ) .
The lengthy tenure of President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who ruled North Yemen from 1978 until it merged with South Yemen in 1990 , proved more stable .
Vice President Henry A. Wallace chaired the Economic Defense Board , the Supply Priorities and Allocation Board , and the Board of Economic Warfare as a member of Franklin D. Roosevelt ' s secret " war cabinet .
Democrat E. W. Marland defeated Republican William B. Pine .
He is best known as the father of Nick Berg , one of the first American civilians to be abducted and executed by insurgents in Iraq .
2019 saw the debut of new parties such as Wiosna of Poland , Czech Pirate Party of Czech Republic , Save Romania Union and PLUS of Romania , Human Shield and Bridge of Independent Lists of Croatia , ĽSNS and Progressive Slovakia of Slovakia .
Berkman arranged for Russian anarchists to protest outside the American embassy in Petrograd during the Russian Revolution , which led U.S. President Woodrow Wilson to ask California 's governor to commute Mooney 's death sentence .
In Albania , Tunisia , and Turkey , there have been discussions about legalizing same-sex marriage. but without success ( one reason was that the huge majority of the people in those countries and also almost all political parties are against same sex marriage
Tehran was allocated twenty-seven seats , Tabriz nine , Shiraz seven , Isfahan five and Ahvaz , Abadan , Babol , Rasht , Rezaieh , Karaj , and Kermanshah three .
Following the brawl , the International Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) suspended the players involved for 18 months and the coaches for three years .
" However the Movement Against Illegal Immigration told Reuters it would go ahead with their gatherings regardless of whether they were authorized or not .
Simon Justin Reevell ( born 2 March 1966 ) is a United Kingdom barrister and Conservative Party politician .
Between 1925 and 1930 Germany was the site of innovative and extensive municipal public housing projects , mostly in Berlin , Hamburg , Cologne and Frankfurt .
Pope Gregory XIII also founded numerous seminaries for training priests , beginning with the German College at Rome , and put them in the charge of the Society of Jesus .
Blue State Digital has offices in New York City , Washington DC , Boston , San Francisco , Chicago and London .
" In 1998 , in retaliation for the al-Qaeda attacks on U.S. embassies in East Africa , the Clinton administration launched cruise missile s against a training camp in Afghanistan where Osama bin Laden had been hours before .
The election was triggered on 9 September 2019 , when former Speaker of the House of Commons , John Bercow , announced his resignation as both Speaker and Member of Parliament , effective at the end of the 31 October 2019 sitting , unless Parliament was dissolved for an early general election before that date , in which case the election of Speaker would take place at the first sitting of the new Parliament .
The National Market Traders Federation , situated in Barnsley , South Yorkshire , has around 32,000 members
The previous election was held in 2014 Czech Senate election , with Zuzana Baudyšová elected the new Senator , nominated by ANO 2011 .
As a reward for this , Stefan gave him authority over Vranje , Inogoštem ( Surdulica ) and Preševo , which had previously belonged to his father and that area was connected to the Serbian despotate .
In a meeting in the Central Hall of Parliament on 1 December , Singh proposed the name of Devi Lal as Prime Minister , in spite of the fact that he himself had been clearly projected by the anti-Congress forces as the ' clean ' alternative to Rajiv Gandhi and their Prime Ministerial candidate .
" Unthinkable " is a 2010 American thriller film directed by Gregor Jordan and starring Samuel L. Jackson , Michael Sheen and Carrie-Anne Moss .
His father , Volf Isaakovich Eidelshtein ( or Wolf Andreyevich Eidelshtein ) , was a Ukrainian Jew from Kostopil in western Ukraine , and his mother , Alexandra Pavlovna ( née Makarova ) , was of Russian background from Mordovia .
Libertarian nominee Adrian Wyllie and several candidates with no party affiliation also ran .
AKS also organized aid to Finnic minorities in Soviet Russia and refugees from there and promoted cultural efforts to help the Finnish-speaking minorities of northern Sweden and Norway .
In May 1950 he protested to his minister Max Fechner ( Socialist Unity Party of Germany ) and to his own party leader in East Germany , Otto Nuschke ( CDU ) over the Waldheimer Trials , a succession of rapid legal hearings of 3,324 of people who had survived and been released from the hitherto unacknowledged Soviet controlled concentration camps .
Incumbent Governor Ted Kulongoski was term-limited .
Constructed in the Federation Free Classical style based on original designs by Colonial Architect , James Barnet , the building structure was completed in 1880 under the supervision of Barnet 's successor , Government Architect , Walter Liberty Vernon .
For both Republicans and Democrats , there was a boom for General Dwight D. Eisenhower , the most popular general of World War II and a favorite in the polls .
Professor Backer is a member of the American Law Institute and the European Corporate Governance Institute .
Gordon-Booth was born and raised in Peoria County , Illinois , where she attended Limestone High School in Bartonville , and attended Parkland College and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
The subsequent expansion of British Burma , with the acquisitions of Upper Burma and the Shan States throughout this period increased the demands of the position , and led to an upgrade in the colonial leadership and an expansion of government ( Burma was accorded a separate government and legislative council in 1897 ) .
Michael Davitt , the founder of the Irish National Land League , resigned his parliamentary seat at Westminster in protest .
The Liberals turned in their worst performance since Clement Davies was party leader .
Samuel Gompers , President of the American Federation of Labor , protested that President Wilson and members of his Cabinet had provided assurances when the Act was passed that it would not be used to prevent strikes by labor unions .
Though a card-carrying communist , Lăzăreanu also took a seat on the executive council of the Jewish Democratic Committee ( CDE ) , which also included his party colleagues M. H. Maxy , Maximilian Popper , Arthur Kreindler , and Bercu Feldman .
One Nation NSW was a minor Australia n political party , which operated exclusively in the state of New South Wales ( NSW ) , in the early 2000s .
The Sports Grounds Safety Authority ( SGSA ) is a non-departmental public body in the United Kingdom funded by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport ( DCMS ) .
" L 'urlo " was shown in competition at Berlin Film Festival 1970.Tinto Brass : Audio-commentary on the Cult Epics DVD of " The Howl " ( " L 'Urlo " ) DVD072 " La Vacanza " , starring Vanessa Redgrave and Franco Nero won the prize of the film critics for the best Italian film at 1971 Venice Film Festival ..
Guterres was named foreign minister under Prime Minister José Ramos-Horta later in the year , serving in that position until May 2007 .
Bhutan ese penlops , prior to unification , controlled certain districts of the country , but now hold no administrative office .
The Boston mayoral election of 1971 occurred on Tuesday , November 2 , 1971 , between Mayor Kevin White and United States Representative Louise Day Hicks .
Joe Shea , then a reporter for the " Times Herald-Record " , a local newspaper that covered the event on-site , said he saw the incident .
After performing on various stages in Romania - including the National Theatre Bucharest in Bucharest - he made the transition to film in 1925 's " Năbădăile Cleopatrei " .
Over the next four years , Powers led a rebirth of the party which saw the election of Rudy Giuliani as mayor of New York City in 1993 and the election of George Pataki as governor in 1994 .
Along with some other MPs ( Ihor Yeremeyev , Stepan Ivakhiv and Serhiy Lahur ) , in December 2012 he founded the fuel-industrial group Kontinium .
" Company E of the 1st Michigan Volunteer Infantry Regiment was on picket duty at Arlington Mill.Arlington Mill was a grist mill that had been built in 1836 by George Washington Parke Custis on the Arlington estate where Little River Turnpike crossed Four Mile Run .
Together , they decided to move to Toronto , Canada , which had a large Muslim community .
In August 2019 she interviewed Prime Minister Boris Johnson in Biarritz , France during the G7 summit .
It was founded by C. Rajagopalachari in reaction to what he felt was the Jawaharlal Nehru -dominated Indian National Congress ' s increasingly socialist and statist outlook .
In the 2008 New Zealand general election the Māori Party retained all four of the seats it won in 2005 , and won an additional seat , when Rahui Katene won Te Tai Tonga from Labour .
Similar laws existed in Bulgaria - The Law for protection of the nation , Hungary , Romania , and Austria .
During the siege of Nan Commandery , Zhou Yu ordered Gan Ning to lead a detachment to take control of Yiling ( 夷陵 ; present-day Yichang , Hubei ) , but Gan Ning came under attack by a separate enemy force led by Cao Ren 's subordinates .
Nafissa Sid Cara then participated in the government as undersecretary in charge of French Algeria from 1959 till the end of the war in 1962 .
Third , Musinga 's accession was quickly followed by the arrival of German forces in the area , along with a powerful missionary order , the " Missionnaires d 'Afrique " ( the " White Fathers " ) , creating a colonial context that marked Musinga 's reign ( 1896-1931 ) .
He is the son of the famous late leader William Deng Nhial who was assassinated in 1968 before the Addis Ababa Agreement was signed between Sudan and South Sudan in Ethiopia , in 1972 .
Buchanan was the last Democrat to win a presidential election until Grover Cleveland in 1884 .
Gabungan Parti Sarawak was established in 2018 by four former Barisan Nasional component parties following the coalition 's defeat in the 2018 Malaysian general election .
He resigned as governor on January 31 , 2018 to accept an ambassadorship and was succeeded by Lieutenant Governor Jeff Colyer .
The Congress of State decides on international policies for San Marino , as well as international treaties and agreements concerning general international policies and matters relevant for the State 's security .
In Italy he associated with Edward Everett , Horatio Greenough , Hiram Powers and Charles Sumner .
On March 9 , John Foster Dulles , the secretary of state , and the brother of DI Allen Dulles , made a public statement calling for a revolt against communist despotism under Sukarno .
He was a Ontario New Democratic Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1995 , and a prominent cabinet minister in the government of Bob Rae .
Initially Howard Phillips had hoped to successfully entice a prominent conservative politician , such as the former Senator Gordon J. Humphrey from New Hampshire , or even Pat Buchanan who at the time had only been mulling over running against President Bush " ( he would officially declare in December of ' 91 ) " .
After the sixth session of the Central Council the most influential party in the Russian Empire , the Constitutional Democratic Party , resigned from the Ukrainian council in protest at the arranging of the All-National Congress .
Attempting to tie down the Union forces in the Valley , under the overall command of Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks , Jackson received incorrect intelligence that a small detachment under Col. Nathan Kimball was vulnerable , but it was in fact a full infantry division more than twice the size of Jackson 's force .
Christine Van Broeckhoven ( born 9 April 1953 ) is a Belgium molecular biologist and professor in Molecular genetics at the University of Antwerp ( Antwerp , Belgium ) .
Ramsay MacDonald ' s first Labour Government had formally recognised the USSR in February .
The coalition was this time joined by Rasim Ljajić ' s Social Democratic Party of Serbia and Vuk Drašković ' s monarchist Serbian Renewal Movement ( who along with themselves bring their internal coalition partner , the Christian Democratic Party of Serbia , which was once a partner of the Democratic Party ) , the former previously running with the opposition Democratic Party and the latter the likewise opposition Liberal Democratic Party .
He succeeded in continuing to live in anonymity , as far as the authorities were concerned , and during that year he travelled regularly between Berlin and Paris which , together with Moscow , was becoming the destination of choice for Germany 's exiled opposition politicians .
The party performed poorly in the 2007 Prince Edward Island general election , finishing behind the Green Party of Prince Edward Island with just 1.96 % of the total vote or 3.48 % in contested ridings .
It also authorised an initial review to subdivide abnormally large constituencies in time for the 1945 United Kingdom general election .
He remained serving as Leader of the Opposition until 1992 when , 1992 Maltese general election , he resigned , to be succeded by Alfred Sant .
The origin for the name " first hundred hours " is a play on words derived from former Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt ' s promise for quick action on the part of government ( to combat the Great Depression ) during his " first hundred days " in office .
It adopted an episcopal structure at the Koforidua Conference in August 1999.The Methodist Church Ghana ( 1835-2005 ) : 170th Anniversary Souvenir Brochure .
Others , e.g. John Payne , Labour MP Rex Mason and Independent MP Harry Atmore were sympathetic .
On March 9 , the Swedish mission to Copenhagen demanded that Christian Frederick be disinherited from succession to the Danish throne and that European powers should go to war with Denmark unless he disassociated himself from the Norwegian independence movement .
This is the results breakdown of the European Parliament 1994 European Parliament election in Spain held in Spain on 12 June 1994 .
It was during this battle that the American poet , Alan Seeger , died.American Fighters in the Foreign Legion , 1914-1918 " Paul Ayresw Rockwell , Houghton Miffli Company , NY , 1930 .
The Politics of Basilicata , Italy takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democracy , whereby the President of Regional Government is the head of government , and of a pluriform multi-party system .
The Australian Progressive Alliance ( APA ) was a minor " small-l-liberal " party in Australia , formed by Meg Lees , an independent senator and former leader of the Australian Democrats , in April 2003 .
However , the three Green incumbents , Noël Mamère , Yves Cochet , and Martine Billard had no PS opposition in their respective constituencies .
In September 1874 , in the so-called Battle of Liberty Place , 5,000 members of the White League entered the city in an attempted takeover of state buildings to seat John McEnery , the Democratic candidate for governor .
Hugh Childers was re-elected on 15 August 1872 following his appointment as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster .
Between 1993 and 1996 Davutoğlu taught Political Sciences at International Islamic University Malaysia .
He is a graduate of Simferopol branch of Sevastopol instrument-making institute , majoring in industrial and civil engineering .
Council of Europe non-members party to EUR-OPA are Algeria , Lebanon and Morocco .
67 Cobden , an early supporter of women 's suffrage , was the fourth child of the Victorian radical statesman Richard Cobden .
He is currently member of the Our Georgia - Free Democrats party led by Irakli Alasania .
In August 2013 , Premier Kathleen Wynne appointed Smith to represent the Government of Ontario at its office at the Canadian Embassy in Washington , DC .
Bush was born in Argentina , but was raised in Brazil .
Mayor s of Sofia , the capital city of Bulgaria .
Serbia ' s last coronation was in 1904 , when King Peter I was crowned in an Orthodox Christian ceremony at the Cathedral of the Host of Holy Archangels in Belgrade .
In the 1970s , Hollings joined with fellow senators Kennedy and Henry M. Jackson in a press conference to oppose President Gerald Ford ' s request that Congress end Richard Nixon ' s price controls on domestic oil , which had helped to cause the gasoline lines during the 1973 Oil Crisis .
According to his biographer Joe Haines , the Labour Member of Parliament Robert Maxwell had the idea for a popular ' Buy British ' campaign around the same time as the ' I 'm Backing Britain ' campaign emerged .
During the Austro-Turkish War of 1716-18 , he fought under Prince Eugene of Savoy , participated in the battles of Belgrade and Petrovaradin , and became commander of the fortress of Komárno .
He thereby acquired Upper Austria , Lower Austria , and part of Duchy of Styria .
In Vienna he was fired and placed on a blacklist for having staged a strike .
Rau was searched , and had a Norway passport , a book with two names ( both different from Anna and Cornelia ) on it , and A $ 2,413 in her possession .
Trade tensions with the European Economic Community ( EEC ) boiled over in 1962 with the first " Chicken War , " a trade dispute arising from the EEC 's application of protective tariffs on poultry meat imported from the United States in retaliation for John F. Kennedy imposition of a ceiling on textile imports and raising of tariffs on carpets , glass and bicycles .
After a foundation course at the Civil Service Academy in Lahore ( 1967-68 ) , he was posted as the sub-divisional officer ( SDO ) of now defunct sub-district Habiganj in 1969 .
Subsequently Kim was released in Busan .
In this story , Romulus Augustus marries Igraine , and King Arthur is their son , and the sword of Julius Caesar becomes the legendary Excalibur in Britain .
The party was founded by Michel Bissonnet , who served as mayor of Saint-Leonard from 1978 until 1981 , when he was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec as a Quebec Liberal Party candidate .
266 However , Sulzer found support in the Prohibition Party which , on the basis of a speech he gave denouncing rum , nominated him for governor in 1914.Fredman " The Impeachment of Governor William Sulzer " p .
Thus appeared the three governments of New France .Many authors reiterate that the three governments were created in 1663 .
The government is formed by the GERB Party and the parliamentary coalition of the United Patriots , with the initial support of the newcomer Volya Party of businessman Veselin Mareshki ( although one of its MPs voted against ) .
APT was founded by Charles Jacobs , Boston College political science professor Dennis Hale , and Egypt ian exile and Muslim dissident Ahmed Subhy Mansour .
In April 2008 , the London-based Arabic newspaper " Al-Hayat " reported that Carter met with exiled Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal on his visit to Syria .
The was a cabinet -level ministry in the government of the Empire of Japan from 1942 to 1945 , established to administer overseas territories obtained by Japan in the Pacific War and to coordinate the establishment and development of the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere .
After Mahathir stepped down as President of UMNO in 2003 , he was replaced by his designated successor , Abdullah Ahmad Badawi , who by virtue of his new position also became Prime Minister of Malaysia .
The Alliance for Justice and Democracy / Movement for Renewal ( " Alliance pour la Justice et la Démocratie / Mouvement pour la Rénovation " , AJD / MR ) is a political party in Mauritania .
The Nazis also aimed to occupy and colonize non-German territories in Poland , the Baltic states , and the Soviet Union , as part of the Nazi policy of seeking " Lebensraum " ( " living space " ) in eastern Europe .
Following the 1929 Hebron massacre of 67 Jews in the Mandatory Palestine , the Zionist militia Haganah transformed itself into a paramilitary force .
The Russian apartment bombings were a series of explosions that hit four apartment blocks in the Russia n cities of Buynaksk , Moscow and Volgodonsk in September 1999 , killing more than 300 , injuring more than 1000 , and spreading a wave of fear across the country .
• Black is generally associated with fascist parties , going back to Benito Mussolini ' s blackshirts , but also with Anarchism .
The Centre for the Study of Democracy ( CSD ) is a multidisciplinary policy studies research organization which enhances the study of democracy both within Canada and abroad .
As early as 1619 , he was sent together with his father to Moldavia , when the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth entered into war against the Ottoman Empire .
He stood in the He was first elected to Parliament as a list MP in the 2002 New Zealand general election .
Salvatore Babones discussing sources used by scholars for studying political globalizations noted the usefulness of Europa World Year Book for data on diplomatic relationships between countries , publications of International Institute for Strategic Studies such as " The Military Balance " for matters of military , and US government publication " Patterns of Global Terrorism " for matters of terrorism .
A wave of civil unrest began on 7 April 2009 , in major cities of Moldova ( including the capital Chişinău and Bălţi ) after the results of the April 2009 Moldovan parliamentary election were announced .
Pelosi requested an upgrade from this plane , which is incapable of flying non-stop the required 2,800 + miles to Pelosi 's home district of San Francisco , California .
The movie opens with shots from the Spanish Civil War , and a line of Spanish refugees crossing the border into France after defeat by the Francoists .
These were Glasgow , Highlands and Islands , Lothians , Mid Scotland and Fife , North East Scotland , South of Scotland , Strathclyde East , and Strathclyde West .
He lost to Manitoba Liberal Party incumbent Nicholas Bachynsky in Fisher by only 33 votes .
On 30 November at the 19th Ibero-American Summit in Estoril , Portugal the governments of Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Chile , Cuba , Ecuador , Guatemala , Nicaragua , Paraguay , Spain , Uruguay , and Venezuela announced they would not recognize the elections whereas Colombia , Costa Rica and Panama said that they would.Lobo .
As with most play-by-play commentators , McMahon was a babyface " voice of the fans , " in contrast to the heel color commentator , usually Jesse Ventura , Bobby Heenan or Jerry Lawler .
Pierre Klossowski , in his 1947 book " Sade Mon Prochain " ( " Sade My Neighbour " ) , analyzes Sade 's philosophy as a precursor of nihilism , negating Christian values and the materialism of the Enlightenment .
Galloway was born in Dundee to a Scottish father and Irish mother .
She was born at Ratnagiri in 1887 and in 1919 was able to return to Burma , where she married Ko Ko Naing , a former monk in 1921 .
He was educated first in New York City until 1885 , when his mother took him and his twin sister to Germany .
In 1997 , a group of Junbish-i-Milli associated with Rasul 's brother defected under the leadership of General Abdul Malik Pahlawan .
Following U.S. Representative Hilda Solis ' s December 2008 selection to become U.S. Secretary of Labor by President-elect Barack Obama ( and expected subsequent confirmation ) , Romero indicated strong interest in running in the special election for California 's 32nd congressional district to replace her , but later chose to run for the nonpartisan California State Superintendent of Public Instruction instead .
Parliamentary elections are scheduled to be held in Egypt in November 2020 to elect both the House of Representatives and Senate .
In the 2004 European Parliament election in Italy two SDI MEPs were elected on the United in the Olive Tree ticket .
He rescinded McEwen 's veto of McMahon as Liberal Party of Australia leader and Prime Minister .
The Convention Center was the site of several major professional boxing fights in the 1960s , including Gene Fullmer versus Sugar Ray Robinson on March 4 , 1961 ; Fulmer versus Benny Paret on December 9 , 1961 ; Sonny Liston versus Floyd Patterson on July 22 , 1963 ; and Muhammad Ali versus Floyd Patterson on November 22 , 1965 .
Vika Lusibaea won the seat by a large margin , becoming only the second ever woman to be elected to the National Parliament of Solomon Islands , following Hilda Kari in the 1990s .
He marched from the Cotswolds , feigned an offensive to relieve the besieged Windsor Castle , and attacked eastwards around London to Cambridge to separate the rebel-held areas of Lincolnshire and East Anglia.Turner , p .
When the bolsheviks were gaining power and approaching Latvia , the Tautas Padome sent Jānis Čakste and Zemgals abroad to represent Latvian interests .
The current leader is Don Harwin , since 30 January 2017 .
Supports the full legalization of drugs , and once compared Canadian former cabinet minister Allan Rock to Deng Xiaoping for his refusal to consider an end to Canada 's prohibition laws .
After joining the British Diplomatic Service he served in diplomatic postings in China , Belgian Congo , Chile , Norway , Venezuela and Sweden , before serving as British Ambassador to South Korea between 1967 and 1969 .
Zguladze worked for several international organizations based in Tbilisi and , from 2004 to 2005 , the United States foreign aid agency Millennium Challenge Corporation - Georgia .
John Major formed the first Major ministry upon the resignation of Margaret Thatcher in November 1990 , after being invited by Queen Elizabeth II to lead the next government .
The District Council of Kingscote was a local government area located on the western part of Kangaroo Island in the Australia of South Australia and which existed from 1888 to 1996 .
Once a member of the Manitoba Liberal Party , he later joined the New Democratic Party and served as its provincial president from 1972 to 1974 .
In 1945 , Stevenson took a temporary position in the State Department , as special assistant to US Secretary of State Edward Stettinius to work with Assistant Secretary of State Archibald MacLeish on a proposed world organization .
General Thomas Gage was the military governor of Massachusetts and commander-in-chief of the roughly 3,000 British military forces garrisoned in Boston .
The only candidate in the presidential election was SPUP leader France-Albert René .
The NCNP National Convention was held on 19 May at Olympic Gymnastics Arena .
CIA Agent Rocky Stone who had played a minor role in the Iranian revolution was working at the Damascus embassy as a diplomat , but was actually the station chief .
In previous general elections , turn-pout had always been recorded at around 99 % of eligible voters and the proportion of votes cast for the Socialist Unity Party of Germany had always been recorded at around 99 % of votes cast .
He served as a minister in the government of Sir David Brand .
Wallis seems to have been chosen largely on political grounds ( as perhaps had been his Royalist predecessor Peter Turner , who despite his appointment to two professorships never published any mathematical works ) ; while Wallis was perhaps the nation 's leading cryptographer and was part of an informal group of scientists that would later become the Royal Society , he had no particular reputation as a mathematician .
Here he came into close contact with the Minister for External Affairs in the Australian Labor Party government , Dr H.V. Evatt , towards whom he conceived a permanent aversion , fully reciprocated by Evatt 's attitude to him .
In September 2003 , white farmer Richard Yates was evicted from his 800-hectare tobacco farm Tsukumai Farm at Headlands , located east of Harare .
Similarly , Ashur-nirari I ( 1547-1522 BC ) seems not to have been troubled by the newly founded Mitanni Empire in Asia Minor , the Hittite empire , or Babylon during his 25-year reign .
Endorsing Prohibition and denouncing parimutuel betting , Barkley narrowly lost the 1923 Democratic gubernatorial primary to fellow Representative J. Campbell Cantrill .
By the grace of God , King of the Huns , the Goths , the Danes , and the Medes .
The result was a national unity government involving eight parties ; Labor , Likud , Shas , the Centre Party , the National Religious Party , United Torah Judaism , Yisrael BaAliyah , the National Union and Yisrael Beiteinu .
Böhm-Bawerk briefly became Austria n Minister of Finance in 1895 .
The strategy may have bought time for the government , but in January 1933 the Nazi Party nevertheless took power and lost no time in transforming Germany into a one-party dictatorship .
This view was expressed in a monument commissioned by the Russian nationalist Mikhail Yuzefovich , which was installed in the centre of Kiev in 1888.Mikhail Yuzefovich was also known for his contribution to the Ems Ukase , which restricted the use of Ukrainian in Ukraine .
However , in 1940 he was able to escape detention with help from the New York City -based Emergency Rescue Committee , and fled to Portugal ( which remained neutral during World War II ) .
Its rise to prominence occurred with the release of its Kosovo Crisis Center during the 1999 NATO airstrikes over Kosovo , which led to publicity in " Time " magazine , " Texas Monthly " , and other publications. administration , available freely to the public .
Firstly , in 200 he drafted a long-term strategy for Sun Quan 's power bloc to emerge as one of three major contending powers in China - a plan similar to Zhuge Liang ' s Longzhong Plan , which was proposed about seven years later .
It was an election to succeed an interim leader Kim Byong-joon , who has been in office for about seven months since the defeat of the Liberty Korea Party in the 2018 South Korean local elections held on 13 June 2018 .
After easily winning the Democratic primary , Wheeler moved on to the general election , where he faced George M. Bourquin , a former United States Federal Judge and the Republican nominee .
He discusses the U.S. campaign to topple the socialist government of Fidel Castro in Cuba , highlighting both its economic embargo of the island and its financial backing for militant groups that attack Cuban targets , including the perpetrators of the Bay of Pigs invasion and the bombing of Cubana Flight 455 .
Its goal was to reverse the social and legal implications of the Radical Olympus era ( Olimpo Radical ) of the 1863 Constitution of Rionegro which established the United States of Colombia , made the country a federal republic and enforced the separation of church and state .
The campaign 's art director was Roger Mosconi , the writer was Penny Hawkey , and the singers of the " Coke and a Smile " jingle were Jim Campbell , Don Thomas , Liz Corrigan , Shellie Littman , Arlene Martell , and Linda November .
Ante Vokić ( 23 August 1909 - 8 May 1945 ) was a Croatia n politician , general and putsch ist .
Former minister Max van der Stoel and Prime Minister Wim Kok seem to have played a crucial role in this process .
Chiang Kai-shek , the leader of Nationalist China , was a poor strategist , and the Chinese Army suffered from severe command problems , with orders having to come directly from Chiang himself if they were to be obeyed .
As reported in " The New York Times " on April 1 , 2007 , Dowd had come to feel a deep frustration with and great disappointment in George W. Bush , whom he criticized for failing to call the nation together in a time of war , for ignoring the will of the American public with regard to the Iraq War , his re-nomination of former UN ambassador John Bolton after his rejected confirmation and for failing to hold Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld accountable for the Abu Ghraib scandal .Peter Baker :
In response , the five Democratic members of Minnesota 's congressional delegation - Tim Walz , Betty McCollum , Keith Ellison , Collin Peterson and Jim Oberstar - issued a joint statement questioning Bachmann 's ability to " work in a bipartisan way to put the interests of our country first in this time of crisis .
Metzenbaum berated Searle 's fabricated tests and also faulted the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , whose " Journal of the American Medical Association " ( JAMA ) reported , with some significant disclaimers , that aspartame was safe for most people .
When United States Secretary of Education Arne Duncan issued a statement siding with a California superior court judge who ruled the state 's teacher tenure protections unconstitutional , Weingarten responded that Duncan had " added to the polarization " in debates over education policy , and charged that focusing on " quick fixes , blame games or silver bullets " such as ending tenure had " set us back in our effort to help all kids succeed .
Monarchs of the Muhammad Ali dynasty reigned over Egypt from 1805 to 1953 .
Light trucks manufactured in Mexico and Canada , such as the Ram series of trucks manufactured in Saltillo , Mexico , and Canadian-built Chevrolet , GMC , and Ford truck models , are not subject to the tax under the North American Free Trade Agreement .
Born in Casablanca in Morocco , Peretz made aliyah to Israel in 1950 .
It houses collections for the central government , the province of Zuid-Holland , and the former County of Holland .
During his work at the royal and imperial diets in Vienna and Bratislava , Vitezović met many dignitaries from Croatia , and at one point wished to return home to live in Zagreb .
Alinagar ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in Darbhanga district in the India n state of Bihar .
Huntsman received a major endorsement in late-September 2011 from Tom Ridge , former Governor of Pennsylvania and Secretary of Homeland Security under George W. Bush .
Operation Sangaris was a military intervention of the French military in the Central African Republic , from late 2013 till 2016 .
On 16 August 1947 , Serov ordered the creation of " Kommissariat 5 " , the first German political police since the defeat of Nazi Germany .John Koehler , " The Stasi " , page 52 .
From 1935 to 1938 he served at the Department of Political Economy , and since 1938 - as Associate Professor at the Kharkiv Polytechnic Institute .
The constitutions of Germany and the United States provide that all powers not specifically granted to the federal government are retained by the states .
Dhani Harrison , son of George Harrison and front-man of English electronic / alternative rock group Thenewno2 , has stated that " No Logo " had a large influence on their release , " You Are Here " ( 2008 ) .
He fought together with Henry IV in Savoy ( 1600-1601 ) and negotiated the treaty of peace in 1602 ; in 1603 , he represented Henry at the court of James I of England ; and throughout the reign , he helped the king to put down insurrections of the nobles , whether Roman Catholic or Protestant .
Rule worked as a Methodist minister at the first Wesleyan chapel in Aldershot and in Plymouth before retiring in 1872 .
Nationals WA candidate Tony Crook defeated Liberal Party of Australia incumbent Wilson Tuckey in the lower house seat of O 'Connor at the 2010 Australian federal election , where a four-seat deficit for both sides saw the first hung parliament since the 1940 Australian federal election .
During the 2008 Brazilian municipal elections , she was elected a councilwoman for Maceió , becoming the top voted candidate in the Alagoas state after achieving almost 30,000 votes .
The New Guard was a short-lived Australian monarchist , anti-communist , and later fascist -inspired organisation which emerged from the Sydney -based Old Guard on 16 February 1931 , during the Great Depression .
Returning to China to participate in Yuan 's overthrow in the National Protection War , he served as adjutant-general to Cen Chunxuan , president of the southern provinces , which repudiated Yuan 's regime .
He discontinued his membership in 1975 to preserve the neutrality of his union , and was later courted by both the New Democrats and Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba to run for public office.Richard Cleroux and Geoffrey York , " Doer favored to win Manitoba NDP leadership race , " " Globe and Mail " , 15 March 1988 , a4 .
The 1928 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 6 , 1928 , as part of the 1928 United States presidential election .
During the 2002 Ukrainian parliamentary election the party ( still called " For One Rus ' " ) was part of the Russian Bloc ( , Central Election Commission of Ukraine The parties best results were in constituency 233 ( in Sevastopol ) with 27.80 % , constituency 223 ( in Kiev ) with 8.22 % and in constituency 43 ( in Donetsk ) with 4.23 % of the votes .
As part of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ' s February 2008 Apology to Indigenous Australians , he pledged the government to bridging the gap between Indigenous and Non-Indigenous Australian health , education and living conditions .
VIP operates primarily in Belmopan , but also has a presence in the Belize and Corozal Districts .
The most notable Serbian linguist of the 19th century , Vuk Karadžić , was a follower of the view that all south Slavs that speak the Shtokavian dialect ( of Serbo-Croatian ) were Serbs , speaking the Serbian language .
The strongest provincial Green parties are the Green Party of British Columbia , the Green Party of Ontario , the Green Party of New Brunswick , and the Green Party of Prince Edward Island which was elected the Official Opposition in the 2019 election ..
It is found in India .Hampson , 1907 .
Although his governing National Unity coalition still supported Santos in his re-election bid , there was speculation that other people would stand in his place , such as the Radical Change leader and experienced minister Germán Vargas Lleras , Vice President Angelino Garzón , and the retired head of the police force , General Oscar Naranjo .
The session was chaired by Ezz Eddin Ibrahim , cultural adviser to the president of the United Arab Emirates .
Ulster Third Way was a small grouping advocating independence for Northern Ireland .
Von Brunn had worked as an advertising executive and producer in New York City for twenty years .
During the Watergate scandal , supporters of Richard Nixon claimed that he was guilty of nothing more than " hard-ball politics .
On March 20 , 2020 , Root was fired from the " Las Vegas Review-Journal " for a second time citing violations of journalistic standards by J. Keith Moyer and for feuding with KDWN co-host Brian Shapiro of " The Vegas Take " during a morning interview .
Compared to news of LGBT rights in other nations such as Russia and the United States , the case and final appeal received little attention outside Singapore. while " Bloomberg " published a more neutral piece .
After this failure , Gasper returned to her blog to argue there were " far too many homosexual comedians on TV , " focusing her criticism on Graham Norton , " the horrid little Alan Carr , " and " the unctuous Stephen Fry ... portly , preening and self-satisfied .
With the advent of the Umayyad Caliphate , the number of " dīwāns " increased .
The aristocratic South Carolina former congressman , Hugh S. Legaré also spoke widely , and took to wearing a coonskin cap on the campaign trail , drinking hard cider as he partied with the " Log Cabin Boys .
It has been generally asserted that Chen , Li and the other Chinese radicals of the time ( including future chairman Mao Zedong ) formed the CPC out of diligent study of Marxist theories , inspired by the Russian Revolution of 1917 .
Ismaʻīl Rājī al-Fārūqī ( January 1 , 1921 - May 27 , 1986 ) was a Palestinian - United States philosopher , widely recognised by his peers as an authority on Islam and comparative religion .
Vice-presidents : Eva Högl Member of the German Parliament | Ernst Johansson | Thomas Mann MEP
The name of the electorate was chosen to honour the poet Judith Wright .
In other cities , such as Boston , Atlanta , and Carmel-by-the-Sea , California , demonstrations were less confrontational .
Even though the number of South Island electorates is fixed , the decline in the population of electorates from Rakaia south has resulted in the boundaries of electorates from Invercargill north to Rakaia shifting northwards .
Pennsylvania is considered a battleground state ; since the 1970 election of Governor Milton Shapp , partisan control of the governorship has alternated between Democratic and Republican .
He further rejected offers from Joseph Goebbels to give public speeches .
Elisabeth Eleonore Anna Justine " Elly " Heuss-Knapp , ( née Knapp ; 25 January 1881 & amp ; ndash ; 19 July 1952 ) , was a German politician of the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) , social reformer , author and wife of German president Theodor Heuss .
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair urged the overhaul of the United Nations ' peacekeeping forces .
Produced by Universal Pictures it starred William Powell as a dim-witted U.S. senator who decides to run for president , with Ella Raines as a reporter interested in the detailed diary he has kept about all the political misdeeds of his colleagues .
He continued his academic career as a trainee at the Human Rights Commission of the Council of Europe and by carrying out research in International Law at the University of Cambridge .
With his Youth League experience and his association with then paramount leader Hu Jintao , Li was seen from early on in Hu 's term as a contender to succeed Hu when his term as party leader ends in 2012 .
Josip Broz Tito suppressed the autonomous political organizations of the region ( along with other movements such as the Croatian Spring ) ; however , the Yugoslav constitutions of 1965 and 1974 did give substantial rights to national minorities - including to the Serbs in SR Croatia .
The Alberta New Democratic Party attained the distinction , in the 2015 Alberta general election , of coming the closest that a governing party caucus has ever come to attaining gender balance - the party 's caucus had 25 women and 28 men , representing a caucus that was 47 per cent female .
In March 2007 , Qiang took over from Zhao Leji to become the party chief of inland Qinghai province .
" Weather Underground leader Bernardine Dohrn , in a 1977 " Lesbian Tide " article , wrote : ... " by assuming that I was beyond white privilege or allying with male privilege because I understood it , I prepared and led the way for a totally opportunist direction which infected all of our work and betrayed revolutionary principles .
Cordle had been elected at the October 1974 United Kingdom general election for the Conservative Party with a majority of 10,661 votes over the Liberal Party .
Bill Frist R-TN , former majority leader of the Senate , and Jon Kyl R-AZ are both credited with expediting the UIGEA 's passage through the Senate .
Letcher supported Adams ' administration , but became anti-administration when Jackson won the 1828 United States presidential election .
After having been encased in cement for protection during World War II , the statue and its base were removed by the East German s in 1950 and re-erected in 1963 at Sanssouci in Potsdam , but returned to Unter den Linden in 1980 .
Ramelow was expected to be re-elected to lead a minority government , since the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) declined to run a candidate , and neither the AfD 's candidate nor the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) leader Thomas Kemmerich were expected to garner enough votes to win .
Mulumbu was born in Kinshasa , Zaire .
What Daigle didn 't know was that then-U.S. President Bill Clinton was also on the Pittsburgh International Airport tarmac at the time , resulting in a heightened level of security .
With their mutual book publisher , Alfred A. Knopf Sr. , serving as the publisher , Mencken and Nathan created " The American Mercury " as " a serious review , the gaudiest and damnedest ever seen in the Republic , " as Mencken explained the name ( derived from a 19th-century publication ) to his old friend and contributor , Theodore Dreiser :
In 1973 , Daniel and Lena , a young German couple , become entangled in a Chilean military coup at a time when supporters of deposed President Salvador Allende are getting rounded up by the military under General Augusto Pinochet .
It also praised Resolution " Assembly / AU / 13 ( XIII ) " of the African Union ( AU ) which gave AU Member States the legal grounds to not cooperate with the ICC in regards to the arrest and surrender of individuals , and further reserved the right of the AU to make any decisions that may be deemed necessary in order to preserve and safeguard the dignity , sovereignty and integrity of the continent .
The Invisible Party ( " Osynliga partiet " ) was a Sweden conceptual anti-capitalist media campaign masquerading as an " organization " with the purpose of connecting all anti-capitalist action , however small or without actual realization , to an " invisible " political party .
Fabré was Ambassador to Germany from late 1988 to March 1991 , then Ambassador to Iran from 1992 to 1997 .
White Congolese settlers participated in and supported the secession of the State of Katanga .
The Bahujan Samaj Party and its leader Mayawati , as well as Aam Aadmi Party leader ( and Chief Minister of Delhi ) Arvind Kejriwal supported the revocation of Article 370 .
From information given to the TRC by former agents seeking amnesty for crimes committed during the apartheid era , it became clear that there were many other covert operations similar to the CCB , which Nelson Mandela would label the " Third Force " .
The term itself was first introduced in the late 1940s by the United Nations .
Indeed , neorealists often argue that the ordering principle of the international system has not fundamentally changed from the time of Thucydides to the advent of nuclear warfare .
Harold Ford , Jr and white candidate Bob Corker .Cose , Ellis .
The seats remained vacant until dissolution and the election of new MPs in the 2019 United Kingdom general election on 12 December 2019 .
The United Kingdom is one of 6 countries ( Israel , Canada , San Marino , Sweden and New Zealand ) that functions according to an uncodified constitution consisting of both material constitutional law ( based upon cases and precedents ) , common law , and the provisions of these formal statutes .
To this day , the Holy See maintains officially recognised diplomatic status , and papal nuncio s and legates are deputed on diplomatic mission s throughout the world .
The New South Wales Liberal-National Coalition , however , managed to win re-election in 2015 New South Wales state election .
When this party won the 1951 Greek legislative election , Karamanlis became Minister of Public Works in the Papagos administration .
She left on 17 September for the Inter-Parliamentary Union meeting in Yugoslavia , followed by a trip to Italy and possibly to the United States , where she had an invitation to speak before the Overseas Press Club of New York .
Dahiyat then attended the University of Jordan , where he earned a BA in English literature , graduating first in the class of 1967 .
He succeeded Wesley Bolin as governor when Bolin died in office on March 4 , 1978 .
" Emphasizing the lack of a direct threat from Russia and the potentially wasted funds from the nuclear arms program , they have called on the government to either cut " pork barrel nuclear projects " or re-direct funds from some weapons , such as ballistic nuclear submarines , in order to support American troops with more effective technology .
The film recounts the formation , training , and first mission of the 1st Special Service Force , a joint United States - Canada commando unit , known as the Devil 's Brigade .
The separate Macedonian nation gained recognition after World War II when the " Socialist Republic of Macedonia " was created as part of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
The British Columbia Liberal Party is notably centre-right and often described as a " free enterprise coalition , " with supporters from both the federal Liberal and Conservative parties .
Thus , in 1775 , the Ottoman Empire ceded the northwestern part of Moldavia ( subsequently known as Duchy of Bukovina ) to Austria .
Both served with distinction , especially during the Second World War in the defence of The Hague .
Karl-Heinz Schröter ( born 26 October 1954 in Frankfurt ( Oder ) ) is a Germany politician ( Social Democratic Party of Germany ) .
The hymnal committee was chaired by James W. Crawford , then pastor of Boston ' s prestigious Old South Church , and the book was edited by Arthur Clyde .
It participated in its first general election in 1967 and its first member of parliament ( MP ) was S. C. Jamir of the Nagaland Nationalist Organisation who was elected unopposed .
The 2001 presidential primary of the Social Christian Unity Party of Costa Rica was held on June 10 , 2001 as part of the 2002 Costa Rican general election .
The King Street Gaol ( commonly known as the Old Log Gaol ) was Toronto ' s first jail , built in 1798 on the outskirts of York , Upper Canada .
The seat became vacant after incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Pete Wilson won the 1990 California gubernatorial election , defeating Democrat Dianne Feinstein .
He has also served as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , dealing with issues related to drug policy , crime prevention , and civil liberties , as well as the contentious U.S. Supreme Court nominations of Robert Bork and Clarence Thomas .
The Coalition has been in government since the 2013 Australian federal election , most recently being re-elected in the 2019 Australian federal election .
The Akim Abuakwa South constituency is in the Eastern region of Ghana .
Mann was a supporter of Democratic candidate Terry McAuliffe ' s successful 2013 campaign for governor of Virginia ; in that election , Cuccinelli was the Republican candidate .
Between 1992 and 1997 , he served as the first Slovenian ambassador to the United Kingdom .
French overseas territories were in the past French colonial empire .
The five parties were reduced to four when the PC Party and Canadian Alliance ( successor to the Reform Party ) merged in 2003 .
Its first leader was Ernst Thälmann , who would later die in a concentration camp and become widely honored in East Germany as an anti-fascist and socialist .
The contest was won by Thomas Thompson of the New Zealand Liberal Party .
After the 1808 election , Clinton and his supporters opposed the Madison administration , and Clinton helped block the appointment of Albert Gallatin as Secretary of State .
Bhim Acharya , secretary of Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist-Leninist ) , assumed the post of the Minister for Culture , Tourism and Civil Aviation of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala -led government .
On 30 May 1968 , in a radio speech , President Charles de Gaulle , who had been out of the public eye for three days ( he was in Baden-Baden , Germany ) , announced the dissolution of the National Assembly , and a new legislative election , by way of restoring order .
1950 United Kingdom general election , 1951 United Kingdom general election , 1955 United Kingdom general election , 1959 United Kingdom general election , 1964 United Kingdom general election , 1966 United Kingdom general election , 1970 United Kingdom general election , 1974 February 1974 United Kingdom general election & amp ; October 1974 United Kingdom general election
During World War II , the Maldives were a British protected state ruled by a succession of sultans .
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party , resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party , and competing for influence in different parts of the country .
Although the council did not use political labels , among the aldermen elected were three Liberal-leaning peers ( the Earls of Aberdeen , Jersey ( seated at Osterley Park until ceded to the National Trust ) and Strafford ( seated at the family home of Wrotham Park also in the county , now Hertfordshire ) ) and three members of parliament : William Ambrose , Henry Bowles and Frederick Dixon-Hartland who were members of the parliamentary Conservative Party .
The Sagaing rebellion in the north begot instabilities in the south in Taungdwin and Taungoo ( Taungoo ) .
" Forty Hadith " ( ) is a 1940 book written by Ruhollah Khomeini , the founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Having been accepted by the École polytechnique , France 's top engineering school in 1943 , he joined Charles de Gaulle ' s Free French Forces with his father and went to Alabama for training as a fighter pilot ; however , he never entered combat .
He held these positions in the government of François Guizot until the fall of the July Monarchy on 24 February 1848 .
He was made Lord Lieutenant of Ireland from 1747 to 1751 He died in London on 8 December 1756 .
He lived in Jerusalem until the 1967 Six-Day War , when he was displaced as Israel recaptured the eastern portion of the city ; he resettled in Jordan , where he joined the PLO .
Weston is a former member of the UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) , and was that party 's candidate in Cities of London and Westminster at the 2010 general election .
French had , despite Repington 's denial of his prior knowledge at the time , supplied him with information , and sent Brinsley FitzGerald and Freddy Guest to London to show the same documents to Lloyd George and senior Conservatives Bonar Law and Arthur Balfour .
One in 1897 by Andrés Bonifacio and the other in 1902 by Macario Sakay .
During President Bill Clinton ' s term , the Congress balanced the federal budget for the first time since the Kennedy Presidency and presided over a robust American economy that saw incomes grow across the board .
A former aid worker and teacher of Mathematics and Physics , Gray was first elected to the devolved Scottish Parliament in 1999 Scottish Parliament election as the MSP for the Edinburgh Pentlands constituency , which he lost to the-then Scottish Conservative Party leader , David McLetchie in 2003 .
Yu Zhengxie and Yuan Mei were two of the first male feminist s in China .
The National Synarchist Union " ( Unión Nacional Sinarquista , " UNS ) was founded in May 1937 by a group of Catholic political activists led by José Antonio Urquiza , who was murdered in April 1938 , and Salvador Abascal .
Feldman was politically inactive until 2013 when she joined Mirela Holy in founding Sustainable Development of Croatia party ( ORaH ) .
While Ibrahim Bey fled towards Sinai , Murad had fled to Cairo first and then to Upper Egypt and began mounting a brief guerrilla campaign that staved off Desaix for a year .
The 2019-20 Catalan protests started on 14 October 2019 in Barcelona , on the day that Catalan independence leaders were convicted of sedition .
Conservative bloggers and people such as former Speaker Newt Gingrich did not support the President extending privileges , exemptions , and immunities to Interpol .
The 145th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Southeastern Pennsylvania and has been represented since 2015 by Craig Staats .
Between 14 March and 15 March 1939 , the Slovak Republic declared its independence and Nazi Germany occupied Bohemia and Moravia creating the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia .
The concert came to its peak during Bob Marley ' performance of " Jammin ' , " when Bob Marley joined the hands of political rivals Michael Manley ( PNP ) and Edward Seaga ( JLP ) .
Keane competed for Team Canada at the 1987 World Junior Championships in Czechoslovakia .
In order to increase public awareness of its existence , the Citizens Party ran a commercial on 600 radio stations which used profanity ( the advertisement began with an actor exclaiming : " Bullshit ! ... Carter , Ronald Reagan and John B. Anderson , it 's all bullshit ! " ) .
In 1991 , Telkom SA Limited ( Telkom ) was established as a parastatal to undertake the provision of telecommunications services in South Africa .
In France , a number of duchies existed in the medieval period including Duchy of Normandy , Duchy of Burgundy , Brittany , and Aquitaine .
Undeterred , Rowse chose to continue his career by seeking administrative positions at Oxford becoming Sub-Warden of All Souls College .
In 1902 , Lizzy Lind af Hageby ( 1878-1963 ) , a Swedish feminist , and a friend , Lisa Shartau , traveled to England to study medicine at the London School of Medicine for Women , intending to learn enough to become authoritative anti-vivisection campaigners .
In 1926 she quit the moderate left-wing Social Democratic Party of Germany and in 1927 joined her husband in the Communist Party of Germany .
From the opposite pole , conservative writer Ann Coulter devotes much of her book " Treason " to drawing parallels between past opposition to McCarthy and McCarthyism and the policies and beliefs of modern-day liberals , arguing that the former hindered the anti-communist cause and the latter hinder the War on Terrorism .
Screaming Lord Sutch of the Official Monster Raving Loony Party , a frequent byelection candidate , was nominated under the name ' Lord David Sutch ' after changing his name by deed-poll .
Other leaders include Naga Babu , Rapaka Vara Prasada Rao ( MLA ) , Kethamreddy Vinod Reddy , Sandeep Panchakarla , Muttamsetti Krishna Rao , Palavalsa Yesaswini , Jivaji Rekha , Arham Khan , Pasupuleti Hari Prasad , Chennareddy Manukranth , Sujatha Panda , Pantham Nanaji , Pothina Mahesh , Shaik Riyaz .
In 2005 , journalist and agronomist Asher Tarivona Mutsengi , then a student leader at Solusi University , criticised Moyo saying ... " he will go down in the annals of history as a minister who lacked foresight and for pouring vitriol against his perceived opponents , his shopping spree in South Africa of scarce foodstuffs , causing unemployment to a multitude of journalists and a penchant for uncivilized propaganda .
Youth Resistance ( German : " Jugendwiderstand , " abbreviated JW ) was a Maoist youth group in Germany .
For the first time , François Bayrou was challenged by a right-wing candidate in his constituency .
In September 2012 , Balchder Cymru came to public attention after it was reported by the " Western Mail " newspaper that the group had shared a public platform with the leader of Plaid Cymru , Leanne Wood , the previous year .
Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) was a national student activist organization in the United States during the 1960s , and was one of the principal representations of the New Left .
The province was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa as part of Region V from 1978 to 1984 , and elected three representatives at-large to the Regular Batasang Pambansa in 1984 Philippine parliamentary election .
Allegations that the Reagan administration negotiated a delay in the release of the hostages until after the 1980 United States presidential election have been numerous but unproven .
Also in 1917 the United States of America entered the war Allies of World War I , with President Woodrow Wilson claiming to be " making the world safe for democracy , " devising a peace plan of Fourteen Points .
The incidents were then used in Nazi propaganda to justify the invasion of Poland , the opening event of World War II .
Willi Dickhut , the party 's founder , had been expelled from the Communist Party of Germany in 1966 for criticizing the change of social conditions in the Soviet Union .
Most of these actions ended at the beginning of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905 , but others took longer to be reversed ; Vilnius University re-opened only after Russia had lost control of the city in 1919 .
The success of her newspaper column helped Nery to be elected as a member of the constituent assembly for Guanabara State ( now the city of Rio de Janeiro ) in 1960 for the Brazilian Socialist Party ( PSB ) .
A resident of the Atlanta suburb of Stone Mountain since 1983 , Majette worked in private law practice before being named an administrative law judge at the Georgia state board of workers ' compensation in 1992 .
During his time at Brown he came to adopt Jeffersonian ideas , making an outspoken anti- Federalist Party speech at his commencement.Earle , pp. 63-64 He then read law at Taunton for a year in the office of Judge Seth Padelford , after which he entered Tapping Reeve ' s law school in Litchfield , Connecticut .Emery , p .
He was born at Kristiansand in Vest-Agder , Norway .
GO came into being following a number of controversies within Vote Leave , the original cross-party movement campaigning for Brexit , and infighting between Vote Leave and Leave.EU .blockquote
Roberto Ivens ( June 12 , 1850 in Ponta Delgada - January 28 , 1898 in Dafundo , Oeiras ) was a Portugal explorer of Africa , geographer , colonial administrator , and an officer of the Portuguese Navy .
In 2002 , the " Winnipeg Free Press " newspaper published a story about a Winnipeg resident named Ray Garnett , who was pressuring the province of Manitoba to change its laws to allow him to sue a doctor he believed had ruined his life through a misdiagnosis .
Michael opted to drop the reference to the Co-operative Party but after the election denounced the ruling as " an outrageous piece of incompetence by the Electoral Commission .
She is the co-founder of the right-wing party Brothers of Italy , along with Guido Crosetto and Ignazio La Russa , and on 8 March 2014 , she was elected president of the party .
From April 12 to 14 , 1919 the First Korean Congress was convened in Philadelphia by Philip Jaisohn in support of the independence of Korea .
According to rumors , the Empress , Augusta Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein , had even ordered a train to take her to her husband so she could persuade him to return to Berlin .
138 On 4 October 1939 , a few days after Warsaw surrendered to Nazi Germany , Czerniaków was made head of the 24 member Jewish Council ( " Judenrat " ) , responsible for implementing Nazi Germany in the new Jewish Ghetto .
In December 2014 at the 11th regular session of the WCPFC in Apia , Samoa , Feleti Teo was appointed the Executive Director of the Commission .
The commission had two non-voting foreign observers : Former First Minister of Northern Ireland and Nobel Peace Prize laureate David Trimble , and former Judge Advocate General of the Canadian Forces Ken Watkin , both of whom were friendly to Israel according to the BBC and Der Spiegel .
He became a member of national importance of the Italian Socialist Party ( Italian : " Partito Socialista Italiano " , or simply PSI ) during the leadership of Bettino Craxi .
While studying at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in the mid 1990s , Pearse worked on the advance staff of then US Vice President Al Gore .
James Gilmour was born at Cathkin , Scotland on 12 June 1843 , the third of six sons born to James and Elizabeth Pettigrew Gilmour on the Cathkin estate of a half dozen farms in the parish of Carmunnock , about five miles from Glasgow , Scotland .
In 2008 , Charles Clarke , a former United Kingdom Home Secretary and the first senior Blairite to attack Prime Minister Gordon Brown openly and in print , stated : " We should discard the techniques of ' triangulation ' and ' dividing lines ' with the Conservatives , which lead to the not entirely unjustified charge that we simply follow proposals from the Conservatives or the right-wing media , to minimize differences and remove lines of attack against us .
Vermont had been one of only two states ( along with nearby Maine ) to reject Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt in all 4 of his presidential campaigns , even in the nationwide Democratic landslides of 1932 United States presidential election in Vermont and 1936 .
After arrival in exile in Belgium , Tomislav is employed in the Louvain-la-Neuve Catholic University .
Dr Lotriet then lectured in the Department of Education at Vista University in Bloemfontein from 1985 to 1994 before her appointment as senior lecturer at the University of the Free State , initially at the Unit for Language Facilitation and Empowerment , and later in the Department of Afroasiatic Studies , Sign Language and Language Practice .
He was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Chancellor of the Exchequer Winston Churchill from 1926 to 1929 .
While Quwatli 's Istiqlal Party lobbied the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem , Amin al-Husseini to set up a financial support network for the rebellion , Quwatli had already secured the funneling of funds and arms from the Hejaz and also diverted some of the military aid to the Jerusalem -based committee .
Members of the salon included Naoe Kinoshita , a socialist activist from Sōma 's home town , Vasili Eroshenko , a blind Russian poet , as well as actress Sumako Matsui , painter Tsune Nakamura , and sculptor Rokuzan Ogiwara .ref name = Okuda /
Meanwhile , Liu Shouguang 's brother Liu Shouwen , whom Liu Rengong had made the military governor of Yichang Circuit ( 義昌 , headquartered in modern Cangzhou , Hebei ) , launched a campaign to try to free their father .
On 25 March 2011 , Labour list MP Darren Hughes resigned from Parliament .
In the first two years the KVP 's Louis Beel led the Cabinet .
Riggs ' brother is fellow soccer player Brooks Lennon , who plays for Real Salt Lake on loan from Liverpool .
Generation Progress has worked with Senator Elizabeth Warren in an attempt to curb rising student debt through a proposal which would lower interest rates and increase taxes .
Billionaire businessman Ross Perot ( Reform Party of the United States of America - TX ) finished in third , with 11.20 % of the popular vote .
But , 45 days before an al-Qaeda cell , who had monitored surveillance of the station , were to release deadly cyanide gas into the tunnels , Ayman al-Zawahiri and other terrorist leaders scrapped the plan because it was not as deadly as the September 11 attacks and therefore was not notable enough to compete with the impact of September 11 .
She held both positions until the selection of Thomas Mulcair in the 2012 New Democratic Party leadership election on March 24 , 2012 .
He served as undersecretary of Aviation and War during the governments of the presidents Patricio Aylwin and Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle ( 1990-1993 , 1994-1995 and 1996-1999 ) .
It was hoped that this plan would be agreed by the two sides on the margins of the European Council , which was held in Copenhagen on 13 December .
On the weekend of 26 October 2019 the Liberal Democrats and the Scottish National Party proposed introducing a bill in the House of Commons to hold a general election on 9 December 2019 .
In the National Assembly 1983 Turkish general election , the Populist Party and the Motherland party were allowed to run for office .
the National Christian Party ( PNC , successor of the LANC ) with Octavian Goga as Premier .
The new series entered print in 2002 , under the direction of literary historian and politician Mihai Cimpoi , and placed under the patronage of both the Romanian Writers ' Union and the Moldovan Writers ' Union .
He served as a representative from New York in the United States House of Representatives from 1961 until his death from throat cancer in New York City in 1972 .
The leaders of the Directory in Paris feared Napoleon Bonaparte ' s popularity after his victories in Italy , so they were relieved when he proposed to depart France and mount an expedition to Egypt to gain further glory .
Gays for Trump is an American LGBT organization that supports the President of the United States Donald Trump and his administration .
The Labour Party returned to government with a 4-seat majority under Wilson in the 1964 United Kingdom general election but increased its majority to 96 in the 1966 United Kingdom general election .
Algeria has shown an unconditional support for the Polisario Front since 1975 , delivering arms , training , financial aid , and food , without interruption for more than 30 years .
Menzies retired in 1966 and was succeeded by Harold Holt .
During the War of Spanish Succession , most of the territories of the Crown of Aragon , including Catalonia , fiercely supported Archduke Charles , the House of Habsburg contender ,
In the spring of that same year he moved to Worcester , where he formed some congenial friendships and busied himself with scientific pursuits , alchemy , and study of the cabbala .
Daniel Fitzgerald Gabbett , MP ( 7 November 1841 - 4 August 1898 ) was an Irish Home Rule League Member of Parliament ( M.P. ) for Limerick City from 1879 to 1885 .
Berg became a member of the new country 's ruling Socialist Unity Party of Germany and took a position as a teacher at the prestigious Karl Marx Academy in Liebenwalde .
The Yabloko is also a member of Liberal International .
In 1925 , he went to Germany on a state granted scholarship to study biology and medicine .
With the ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution , she began to serve on the board of the Virginia League of Women Voters , and on the local branch in Richmond as well .
Throughout Italy and the provinces he built roads and canals .
Being a native of a province which in his mind owed everything to the Kingdom of Prussia , he was an earnest champion of Prussian hegemony over Germany .
He was one of the core members , along with the Occupy Central with Love and Peace trio , Benny Tai , Chan Kin-man and Chu Yiu-ming .
He was the cousin of Jayanegara , king of Majapahit from 1309-1328 , and the grandson of Tribhuwanaraja , king of Melayu Kingdom .Hardjowardojo , R.P. , ( 1966 ) , " Adityawarman , Sebuah Studi tentang Tokoh Nasional dari Abad XIV " , Djakarta : Bhratara .
Izquierda Castellana constituted a definitive movement in Madrid by the year 2002 , as a section of Izquierda Comunera , which also included the organizations Unidad Popular Castellana , YESCA ( formerly known as Juventudes Castellanas Revolucionarias ) , Mujeres Castellanas and the Círculo Castellano de Toledo .
The Independence Party and the Progressive Party won the 2013 Icelandic parliamentary election in April 2013 and they have halted the current negotiations with the European Union regarding Icelandic membership and tabled a parliamentary resolution on 21 February 2014 to withdraw the application completely .
Geert Wilders appeared via video link criticising " politicians who don 't share our values and foolishly declare all cultures are equal .
Far-right politicians like Alfred Hugenberg , José María Gil-Robles y Quiñones and Gyula Gömbös represent fascism 's influence on the right with these leaders adopting an ultra-nationalist and authoritarian rhetoric influenced by Mussolini and later Hitler 's successes .
She then went to the Trondheim teacher 's school and got her degree in 1974 .
Though not a Borjigid or a descendant of Genghis Khan , By the end of his reign , Timur had gained complete control over all the remnants of the Chagatai Khanate , the Ilkhanate , and the Golden Horde , and even attempted to restore the Yuan dynasty in China .
At various points prior to the American Civil War , the Federalist Party , the Democratic-Republican Party , the National Republican Party , and the Whig Party were major parties .
The Ohio Democratic Party Party 's presidential primaries in Ohio were held on March 15 , 2016 , concurrently with primaries in Florida , Illinois , Missouri and North Carolina .
Broad Front ' s José María Villalta Florez-Estrada won 17 % of the votes and Solís won with 77.81 of the votes .
Air Tanzania suspended on 31 January 2005 one of its few regional services , Dar es Salaam to Nairobi , following intense competition from Kenya Airways on the route .
The Vuskovic Plan was the basis for the economic policy of the " Popular Unity " ( UP ) government of Chilean President Salvador Allende .
Kanda Bongo Man still tours in Europe and the United States .
Nevertheless , Massey was a Canadian and British patriot and worked not only to maximize Canada 's war effort once World War II broke out , but also served through 1936 as the Canadian delegate to the League of Nations , between 1941 and 1945 as a trustee of the National and Tate Galleries , and as chair of the Tate 's board of governors from 1943 to 1945 .
The organization had its early beginnings in 1949 , when the Denmark " Forbundet af 1948 " accepted two representatives in Norway .
Five months later , he replaced Foreign Minister Claude Cheysson .
The album features songs from Hewitt 's albums " Let 's Go Bang " ( 1995 ) , " Jennifer Love Hewitt " ( 1996 ) and " BareNaked " ( 2002 ) .
Note that the Wikipedia article for John William Loudon ' s spouse , Gina Loudon , has a long history of COI editing .
The Taiwanese delegation includes Cho Shih-chao , Vice Minister of Economic Affairs and Chang Hsien-yao , Deputy Minister of Mainland Affairs Council .
Of particular importance in the election were the economic reforms being undertaken by Roger Douglas , the Minister of Finance .
In state parliament Duncan served as 41st Attorney-General of South Australia from 1975 until 1979 , and then as Minister for Health until the defeat of the Corcoran Labor government at the 1979 South Australian state election .
Keneally also attended the Rambam Israel Fellowship Program in Israel , sponsored by the AIJAC .
At the start of the year , Melkert and the VVD leader Hans Dijkstal appeared to be the frontrunners in the race to become Prime Minister .
The company undertook a major government contract to restore the road network in Lubumbashi , Likasi , Kolwezi and Kalemie .
A report in " The Friday Times " contends that after taking over as Chief of Army Staff , General Aslam Beg began lobbying about " such cooperation with Iran " on nuclear technology as a part of his " " strategy of defiance " " of the United States .
The calabash nutmeg tree grows naturally in evergreen forests from Liberia to Nigeria and Cameroon , Ghana , Angola and also Uganda and west Kenya .
In Ghana ' s 2016 general elections for the Parliamentary seat of Afram Plains , Ms. Mensah pulled a total vote count of 18121 out of 23606 votes cast representing 78.44 % to beat Isaac Ofori-Koree of the New Patriotic Party , Cornelius Agbeku of the National Democratic Party , and Micheal Ampontia of the Convention People 's Party to win the seat in 7th Parliament of the fourth Republic of Ghana .
During the 2020 United States presidential election , " Chapo Trap House " interviewed Democratic presidential candidates Marianne Williamson , Andrew Yang , John Delaney , Joe Sestak , Tom Steyer ,
His career in the army was mostly spent in the military intelligence , and served in the government of East Pakistan as its military adviser to its army , briefly fighting in the civil war aided by neighboring India .
In 1926 he was chairman of the Royal Commission on Agriculture in India , which published its findings in 1928 .
The National Geographic Institute of Guatemala ( in Spanish : " Instituto Geográfico Nacional " Ingeniero Alfredo Obiols Gómez " " ( IGN ) ) is a scientific agency of the Guatemala n government .
Following the war , the Nordic countries pursued the idea of a Scandinavian defence union to ensure their mutual defence .
He has lectured at Harvard University , Rutgers University , McGill University , University of Alaska , Université du Québec , the Cato Institute , the Instituto de Libertad y Desarrollo ( Chile ) , and the American Enterprise Institute .
Vince Gair was a former Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) Premier of Queensland 1952-57 who was expelled from his own party while in office , and formed the breakaway Queensland Labor Party ( QLP ) , which in 1962 merged with the Democratic Labor Party ( DLP ) .
At the Club , named after Ber Borochov , left-wing Poalei Zion publications like " Avangard " of Vienna and " Jüdische-Sozialistische Monatschrift " from New York City were available.Offenberg , p .
295 In truth , this nationalistic political trend clashed with American interests in the Middle East , which were , as Middle East scholar Louise Fawcett argues , " about the Soviet Union , access to oil and the project for a Jewish state in Palestine .
Jennifer Donahue began work at C-SPAN in Washington , D.C. under her first boss , Brian Lamb .
IPLL candidates were successful in the 1905 Wellington City mayoral election , 1907 Wellington City mayoral election and 1909 Wellington City mayoral election Wellington City Council elections .
Hoogerheide is a village in the municipality of Woensdrecht , North Brabant , Netherlands .
Ogerta Manastirliu ( born 31 December 1978 ) is an Albanian Socialist Party of Albania politician and the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Tirana .
Qian Kuan 's tomb was discovered in October 1978 in Xishu Village ( 西墅村 ) , Jinbei Subdistrict ( 锦北街道 ) , Lin 'an City , not far from his wife Lady Shuiqiu ' s tomb which was discovered 2 years later .
The administrative headquarters of the City of London retains its Anglo-Saxon name , the Guildhall , signifying a place where taxes were paid .
Croatia became a member state of the European Union on 1 July 2013 .
The supervision of the country 's finances by a League of Nations Commissioner finished the next year , however , the depression continued and unemployment figures were rising .
Chukwuemeka " Emeka " Odumegwu-Ojukwu was born on 4 November 1933 at Zungeru in northern Nigeria to Sir Louis Odumegwu Ojukwu , an Igbo businessman from present-day Nnewi , Anambra State in south-eastern Nigeria .
As of the end of September 2014 , the Inqilab March is conducting sit-in protests with allied partner Imran Khan , Chairman and founder of Tehreek-e-Insaaf ( PTI ) and organizer of 2014 Azadi March , in the capital of Pakistan , Islamabad , ongoing since 14 August 2014 ( Pakistani Independence Day ) .
Arthur boasts of being " the cheapest Member of Parliament in Canada , " claiming to have spent less than any other elected candidate at this election .
Sinn Féin used the election of 1918 to elect members of the Irish Republic ' s First Dáil .
The Australian Labor Party was defending two seats .
Ethiopia even became the fastest-growing economy in Africa
The Grant administration , who recognized Morton as a powerful friend , offered him the position of Minister to Great Britain , replacing John Lothrop Motley , but Morton declined .
On October 2004 , Javad Hakimli celebrated his 90th birthday at a Baku restaurant amongst members of Mehdi Huseynzade 's and his own family in addition to the Slovenia n Consul in Baku , Borut Megushar who conveyed his congratulations on behalf of Slovenia for Javad 's personal contributions to the war effort with greetings from the surviving Slovenian Partisans and veterans of the war .
Acting leader Patrick Eston defeated Foreign Affairs Spokesperson Colin Brown , and former boxer Winston McKenzie on a 22 % turnout .
William Shakespeare makes one of the Percys , the dashing Harry Hotspur ( 1364-1403 ) , the hero of his " Henry IV , Part 1 " .
The First Crusade was preached at the Council of Clermont in 1095 by Pope Urban II , with the goal of assisting the Byzantine Empire against the invasions of the Seljuk Turks .
Demonstrations and protests were recorded in Pakistan and Afghanistan , as well as Canada , Australia , Europe , and the United States .
Initially a strongly pro-French leader , he later shifted towards the pro-merger Indian National Congress , which ultimately became the death knell for the sovereignty of France 's " comptoirs " ( trading posts ) in India .
News of the campaign prompted former Congressman James E. Rogan , who helped lead the drive for impeachment of former President Bill Clinton in the U.S. House of Representatives , to insist the association not list him as an advisory council member .
Stefan Georgiev Staykov ( ; born 3 October 1949 ) is a former Bulgaria n football goalkeeper who played for Bulgaria in the 1974 FIFA World Cup .
Viktor Yushchenko , Petro Poroshenko and Viktor Yanukovych served one term , with the latter being replaced by acting president Oleksandr Turchynov , who then also served as Chairman of the Ukrainian Parliament , on 21 February 2014. a role currently filled by Denys Shmygal who took office in March 2020 .
In 1947 , he rejected arguments by Stafford L. Warren , the Manhattan Project 's chief physician , concerning the detrimental health effects of atmospheric testing , agreeing instead with James Bryant Conant , a chemist and participant in the Manhattan Project , who was skeptical of Warren 's then-theoretical claims .
Benjamin Roden , who died in 1978 , originated the Branch group in 1955 with new teachings that were not connected with the original Davidians .
During the Battle of Vyborg in the end of April , most of the leading Reds fled to the Soviet Russia , where Eloranta soon joined the exile Communist Party of Finland .
SABIC 's founding transformed the small fishing villages of Jubail on the Persian Gulf and Yanbu on the Red Sea into modern industrial cities .
Abraham Emanuel Fröhlich ( 1 February 1796 , Brugg , Aargau 1 December 1865 ) was a Switzerland poet .
at the Ministry of Information in Churchill 's 1940 wartime government of national unity , serving under Cabinet member Duff Cooper for approximately a year until he was asked by Churchill to leave his position in order to make way for Ernest Thurtle MP as the Labour Party demanded more of their MPs in the Government ; " Human Smoke : The Beginnings of World War II , the End of Civilization " .
Cmdr. Michael " Mob " Tremel ( call sign - Freedom 33 ) and wingman Jeff Krueger ( call sign - Freedom 34 ) were sent out as the second wave of aircraft from the carrier into Syria that day .
The Liberal Party of Australia - National Party of Australia Coalition was defending four seats .
New Brunswick Liberal Association Ed Doherty had then taken the spot by winning a by-election on November 14 , 2005 and was re-elected in the 2006 New Brunswick general election .
When Emperor Yang carried out his second campaign against Goguryeo in 613 , Li Yuan was in charge of part of the logistics operation .
George Pataki used the corporation to distribute $ 20 billion in federal aid following the September 11 , 2001 attacks to help rebuild lower Manhattan and build the 9 / 11 memorial .
¹ Rostam Bastuni , Avraham Berman and Moshe Sneh left Mapam and set up the Left Faction .
Longtime collaborators Chip , Lowkey and Ghetts were among those who paid tribute to West , as well as Novelist , Skepta , Krept , Lethal Bizzle , Michael Dapaah , Yungen , Nadia Rose , AJ Tracey and Ambush .
His third-year paper , written under the supervision of Charles Ogletree , analyzed the scope of the Fourth Amendment ' s protections against unreasonable search and seizure in the military .
For the 1950 United Kingdom general election , the Rural District of Hatfield was also added from St Albans , but from the 1955 United Kingdom general election , this was transferred back out to the Hertford constituency .
Her eldest daughter , Elizabeth Stafford , was a Lady of the Bedchamber , and her son-in-law , Richard Drake , served as the Queen 's Equerry .
Balochistan ' s Home Minister Sarfraz Bugti announced on 25 March 2016 that they had arrested an Indian naval intelligence officer working for Research and Analysis Wing ( RAW ) .
The nationalisation of agricultural land in Algeria , Morocco and Tunisia led to the departure of the majority of Europeans.Raimondo Cagiano De Azevedo ( 1994 ) .
The Front for Democracy in Burundi ( FRODEBU ) , who won a majority of seats in the previous election held in 1993 , won 25 seats .
He was also Liu Bei 's brother-in-law , as his sister , Lady Mi , married Liu Bei .
Stars of the Soviet era also gave performances here , such as Isaak Dunaevsky , and Leonid Utyosov with his jazz-band during the 1920s and 1930s .
He settled in Paris and was active in émigré circles and in Freemasonry .
In 2007 he was elected Fellow of the Royal Society .
Jennings graduated from Southern Illinois University in 1883 , then studied law at the Union College of Law in Chicago ( now named Northwestern University School of Law ) .
Since 1954 , a year ahead of the 1955 Singaporean general election , an Electoral Boundaries Review Committee ( EBRC ) has been appointed to advise the executive on the number and geographical division of electoral divisions .
At the time Turkey was in political turmoil , and Hagopian believed that the time was right to avenge the Armenians who died during the Armenian Genocide and to force the Turkish government to cede the territory of Wilsonian Armenia to establish a nation state also incorporating the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic .
" The Little Spreewald Maiden " is an American silent film produced by Kalem Company and directed by Sidney Olcott with him and Gene Gauntier in the leading roles .
For instance , a PR rally at the Han Chiang University College of Communication in George Town on 29 April 2013 drew a crowd of 50,000 ; the key speakers during the rally included Lim Guan Eng , Lim Kit Siang , Karpal Singh and Anwar Ibrahim .
" Similar sentiments were expressed by Andrzej Duda , President of Poland , Donald Tusk , the President of the European Council , and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg .
He graduated from the Physics Department of the Faculty of Sciences of Ankara University in 1947 and received his PhD from California Institute of Technology in 1951 ; with Eugene Wigner , he pioneered the study of group contraction s .
The two terms are commonly used in the United States to describe members and nominees to the Federal Reserve Board of Governors , who have major influence on United States monetary policy in their roles as Federal Reserve Governors and as members of the Federal Open Market Committee .
On January 15 , 2008 , Huckabee finished in third place in the Michigan Republican primary , 2008 , behind John McCain in second place ; Mitt Romney , who finished first ; and ahead of Ron Paul , who finished in fourth place .
In this same summer , smarting from a failed effort at establishing a socialist community near Tennessee City , Tennessee , publisher Julius Wayland established in Kansas City a new socialist weekly newspaper , " Appeal to Reason " , eventually moving the operation for financial reasons to a small town in southeastern Kansas called Girard .
" The theory was debated and rejected by early American thinkers such as Alexander Hamilton , Benjamin Franklin , and Thomas Jefferson ; Jefferson , in his " Notes on the State of Virginia " ( 1781 ) , provided a detailed rebuttal of de Buffon from a scientific point of view .
After serving on the Petrograd Military-Revolutionary Committee , in February 1918 he was a member of the People 's Commissariat for Military Affairs of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic .
Shortly afterward , Henke served as the New Media Director for the Republican Communications Office , an office of the Senate Republican caucus under the leadership of United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-KY ) .QandO .
In opposition from 1972 to 1975 , Nixon was a prominent figure in persuading his National Party colleagues to help pass Australian Labor Party legislation opposed by the Nationals ' coalition partner , the Liberal Party of Australia .
Samba-Panza was born in Fort Lamy , Chad , to a mother from the Central African Republic ( CAR ) and a Cameroonian father .
Sessions ' move came less than 24 hours after Sean Hannity , the Fox News commentator and host of " The Sean Hannity Show " , called for the " immediate expulsion , " or a " purge , " of Obama appointees at the United States Justice Department in his show 's opening monologue .
In 400 , while Gwanggaeto was occupied with Baekje , Gaya , and Wa troops in Silla , the Xianbei state of Later Yan , founded by the Murong clan in present-day Liaoning , attacked Goguryeo .
A moderate , DeFaria remained a backbencher during the Progressive Conservative government of Mike Harris .
Sanoh played a supporting role in the rise to premiership of Banharn Silpa-archa , Chavalit Yongchaiyudh , Thaksin Shinawatra and Surayud Chulanont
Clinton won by a slightly enlarged margin from Barack Obama ' s 2012 United States presidential election in Illinois win in his home state ; however , her overall percentage was not as large as Obama 's in 2008 United States presidential election in Illinois or 2012 .
After World War II , under the influence of the Allies of World War II , Japan passed the Prosecutorial Review Commission Law on July 12 , 1948 , which created the " Kensatsu Shinsakai " ( or Prosecutorial Review Commission ( PRC ) system ) , a figure analogue to the grand jury system .
" The Navigator " is a literary financial thriller novel written by Michael Pocalyko and published by Forge Books , an imprint of Macmillan Publishers .
Count Nicolas Ludwig von Zinzendorf offered them refuge on his lands east of Dresden , Germany , and provided a base for them to regroup and pursue their religion .
While based in Southern Sudan , it identified itself as a movement for all oppressed Sudanese citizens , and was led by John Garang .
In December 2016 Cinzia Bonfrisco ( ex- Italian Socialist Party / Forza Italia / The People of Freedom / FI / CR ) joined the PLI , giving it representation in the Senate .
The song was written by Benny Andersson and Lasse Berghagen and it came in second place .
In 1456 , one of Skanderbeg 's nephews , George Strez Balšić , sold the Modrič fortress ( now in North Macedonia ) to the Ottomans for 30,000 silver ducats .
Houlahan took the Democratic nomination unopposed and faced first-time candidate Greg McCauley in the general election. and one of four Democratic women to win , along with Mary Gay Scanlon , Madeleine Dean and Susan Wild .
His wife Julie de Lima belongs to the prominent De Lima family of Iriga City , Camarines Sur and is the aunt of Senator Leila de Lima , the former Secretary of the Philippine Department of Justice under the administration of President Benigno S. Aquino III , and currently detained for illegal drug charges .
On August 23 , 2018 , Estonia 's Victims of Communism 1940-1991 Memorial was inaugurated in Tallinn by President Kersti Kaljulaid .
Yemen ' s deputy prime minister for defense and security affairs , Rashad Mohammed Alimi , also joked about lying to Yemen 's Parliament on US involvement of bombings .
Her term ended on November 30 , 2014 ; she did not stand as a candidate in the 2014 Toronto municipal election .
Bolton North East was created for the 1983 United Kingdom general election from parts of the constituencies of Bolton West and the former Bolton East .
A related movement , the Domobranski Pokret - which had been the name of the legal Croatian army in Austria-Hungary - began publication of " Hrvatski Domobran " , a newspaper dedicated to Croatian national matters .
CleanPowerSF is administered by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission ( SFPUC ) and monitored by the San Francisco Local Agency Formation Commission ( LAFCo ) , which is currently chaired by Supervisor John Avalos .
In 1989 , Syria endorsed the Charter of National Reconciliation , or " Taif Accord , " a comprehensive plan for ending the Lebanese conflict negotiated under the auspices of Saudi Arabia , Algeria , and Morocco .
Lê Anh Tông then appointed Trịnh Tùng ( see page 141 ) as ... " Through his reign , Anh Tông was just a nominal emperor of south Đại Việt , with actual governing and military power possessed by the Trịnh , a warrior house from Thanh Hóa .
In Peshawar , he met up with Osama bin Laden , who was running a base for " mujahideen " called Maktab al-Khadamat ( MAK ) ; founded by the Palestinian Sheikh Abdullah Yusuf Azzam .
Beazley became a protege of Bob Hawke , Labor leader from 1983 , and in that year he was appointed Minister for Aviation in Hawke 's first ministry .
In 1989 , Premier David Peterson appointed Justice Lloyd Houlden to lead a judicial inquiry into the affair .
Sir Ratnakirti Senerat Serasinghe Gunewardene , KBE ( 3 November 1899 & amp ; ndash ; 10 August 1981 ) was a Sri Lanka n statesmen and diplomat .
James Kay-Shuttleworth , then Secretary of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom ' s Education Committee , ensured that the inspectors were appointed by Order in Council to guard their independence .
The next month , he represented the DRC at the Africa- France summit.Kibangula , Trésor ( 15 January 2017 ) .
Democratic nominee State Representative Bryan Lentz faced Republican nominee U.S. Attorney Pat Meehan and American Constitution Party ( independent ) nominee Jim Schneller .
In 2004 Brandenburg state election she put herself forward as an alternative to the regional minister president Matthias Platzeck of the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany .
The 2003 Djiboutian parliamentary election took place in Djibouti on 10 January 2003 to elect the National Assembly of Djibouti .
His son Michael O. Freeman ran unsuccessfully for governor in 1998 and has served non-consecutive terms as County Attorney for Hennepin County , Minnesota ( 1991 to 1999 , and 2007 to the present ) .
In 2011 South African politician Julius Malema was found guilty of hate speech in the High Court in Johannesburg for repeatedly singing the anti-apartheid protest song " Shoot the Boer " at political gatherings .
Decided by the Provisional Legislative Council , the first-past-the-post voting system was replaced by the proportional representation system in the 1998 Hong Kong legislative election in 1998 .
It was his first public court appearance.ref name = gjm-usat-2013-07-10 / He pleaded not guilty to all 30 counts against him , which included using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death.ref name = mmp-abc-2013-2013-07-10 / Tsarnaev was represented by Miriam Conrad , David Bruck , William Fick , Timothy G. Watkins and Judy Clarke .
The Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore is one of the two tiers of the court system in Singapore , the other tier being the State Courts .
Born to a Jewish family in Warsaw , he studied in University of Geneva , University of Paris , and Brussels .
NBAD had regional presence in Kuala Lumpur , Hong Kong and a representative office in Shanghai , China .
On November 10 , it took control over Veles and three days later assisted the First Bulgarian Army in the Stratsin-Kumanovo operation for taking Skopje .
In 1957 Turkish general election , he was elected as the MP from Elazığ Province , and continued as Elazığ MP up to 1969 , when he changed his electoral province to Adana again .
Amid the subsequent internal dissension within Congress , Motilal Nehru and Chittaranjan Das formed a Swaraj group that , between 1923 and 1927 , existed as the Swaraj Party .
In his function of Bishop of Lutsk he founded and had built a Jesuit college in Lublin in 1591-1596 .
Abdelaziz Bouteflika was born on 2 March 1937 in Oujda , French Protectorate in Morocco .
On the centre-right , Forza Italia and National Alliance merged to form The People of Freedom , which continued the alliance with the Northern League and won the 2008 Italian general election .
His son Thomas Francis Marshall served in the United States House of Representatives .
During the second half of 1945 Wilhelm Pieck , a senior German politician recently " parachuted " by Moscow into the Soviet occupation zone as part of what turned out to be a well planned " nation building " project , thought it worth his while personally to try and persuade August and Luise Enderle to rejoin the Communist Party of Germany : the Enderle 's rejected that idea , however .
" The memo asserted that Christopher Steele was paid $ 160,000 by the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign .
The other major candidate was then retiring Attorney General Charles Graddick who before being elected as a statewide-Democrat , had previously been in the Republican Party .
" Emblemaria nivipes " , the whiteback signal blenny , is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Costa Rica and Colombia , in the eastern central Pacific Ocean .
He was Minister of Foreign Affairs under Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama and Murayama 's successor Yoshirō Mori .
In the late 1960s , Meyer engaged in a continuing debate over the status of Abraham Lincoln with Harry V. Jaffa .
In early March 1916 , he commanded an offensive at Lake Naroch in what is now Belarus , together with General Aleksey Kuropatkin .
Her career ended that fall with the defeat of the Campbell government in the 1993 Canadian federal election , a contest at which she was pushed into third place in her own riding behind Reform Party of Canada ' s Herb Grubel and the Liberal candidate .
" Wilson cited this as " the day he fell in love with United States .
In 1987 , Bellmon served alongside Democratic Lieutenant Governor Robert S. Kerr III .
Edwards was a Lecturer of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University ' s Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs and a member of the Princeton Project on National Security .
He returned to the now-independent Vermont Republic , where he continued to be politically active .
In 1722 Prussia and England applied to the respective magistracies of the Swiss cantons for the abolition of the formula for the sake of the unity and peace of the Protestant Churches .
Wang then served as Vice-Premier in charge of finance and commercial affairs under premier Wen Jiabao from March 2008 to March 2013 , during which he also gained a seat on the party 's Politburo .
All seats were contested by Labour and the Conservatives , three seats were contested by the Liberals , Independents stood in Grangetown and Gabalfa ( where the Tories had won seats in 1965 ) and a sole Plaid Cymru candidate stood in Splott .
After the fall of Yugoslavia , 105 personnel of the Royal Yugoslav Navy , under Commander Z. V. Adamić , joined the Mediterranean Fleet at Alexandria in Egypt .
85 He believed that this had been embodied in early Indo-European religions , notably ancient European ( Celtic , Germanic , Greek , Roman Empire ) paganism , Zoroastrianism , and Vedic Hinduism .
The political structure of Poland changed completely following the 2005 Polish parliamentary election , which lead to the rise of the national conservative Law and Justice and the liberal conservative Civic Platform .
On the other hand , Obama suffered a historically poor showing even in traditionally Democratic counties of Southwest Virginia , similar to his weak performance in neighboring 2012 United States presidential election in West Virginia .
The incumbent is Republican Mike Bost , who was re-elected with 51.6 % of the vote in 2018 .
Troika of tyranny is a description of the nations of Cuba , Nicaragua and Venezuela used by United States National Security Advisor John R. Bolton in outlining United States foreign policy towards those nations .
In 1859 , Chile commissioned for Santiago a statue to commemorate José de San Martín to French sculptor Louis-Joseph Daumas , who was specialized in equestrian figures .
In 1984 , Roger Douglas was made Minister of Finance , with two associate ministers of finance , David Caygill and Richard Prebble .
Early in 2006 , " The Monthly " published " Information Idol : How Google is making us stupid " by Gideon Haigh , and " The Tall Man : Palm Island 's Heart of Darkness " by Chloe Hooper which was extended to the book " The Tall Man : Death and Life on Palm Island " in 2008 .
That , at least , was how Brecht theoretically justified his choice of form , and from about 1929 on he began to interpret its penchant for " contradiction s , " much as had Sergei Eisenstein , in terms of the dialectic .
Held on the same day as the 1957 Philippine presidential election , the party of the incumbent president , Carlos P. Garcia ' s Nacionalista Party , won a majority of the seats in the House of Representatives .
" Montenegro " also known as " Montenegro - Or Pigs and Pearls " ( ) is a 1981 Swedish black comedy film by Serbian director Dušan Makavejev .
Derbez claimed to have the support of Belize , Bolivia , Canada , Honduras and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
The Peace of Vasvár was a treaty between the Habsburg Monarchy and the Ottoman Empire which followed the Battle of Saint Gotthard of 1 August 1664 ( near Mogersdorf , Burgenland ) , and concluded the Austro-Turkish War ( 1663-64 ) .
On June 10 , White House Press Secretary James Hagerty arrived in preparation for a state visit of President Dwight Eisenhower .
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Molegbe ( ) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Mbandaka-Bikoro in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Los Angeles County Health Agency is Los Angeles County ' s consolidated health agency , comprising the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services , the United States second largest municipal hospital system ,
Matchlock firearms technology also spread from Mughal Empire to Đại Việt in 1516 , and was adopted by the Lê army by 1530s .
The holder of the office from 2006 , Janusz Kochanowski , died in the April 2010 Smolensk air disaster .
In the 1910s Carlism was dominated by a conflict between the claimant and the key party theorist , Juan Vázquez de Mella .
Enid Schreibman and Francis Underhill Macy cofounded the Center in 1995 .
Robert Green " Bob " Ingersoll ( ; August 11 , 1833 - July 21 , 1899 ) was an United States writer and orator during the Golden Age of Free Thought , who campaigned in defense of agnosticism .
As a compensation for the unsuccessful incursion on Moldavia which had decimated the " szlachta " , John Albert granted the " Piotrków Privilege " on April 26 , 1496 which prohibited serf s from leaving their owners ' land , and banned city dwellers from buying land .
Murray was appointed by Prime Minister Paul Martin as chair of a National Round Table on the Environment and the Economy in March 2005 .
The opposition was joined from the right by the Confederation of Independent Poland , whose members derided the Olszewski government 's attempt at radical lustration just before a vote of confidence as outright blackmail .
Janna Ryan , wife of the 2012 United States presidential election Republican vice-presidential nominee and former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Paul Ryan , is niece by marriage of David Boren .
On July 4 , 1792 , the society directors met Philip Schuyler at Abraham Godwin ' s hotel on the Passaic River , where they would lead a tour prospecting the area for the national manufactory .
The True Path Party ( DYP ) lost the 2002 Turkish general election and Tansu Çiller resigned as leader of the party and retired from politics .
Lomey retired ahead of 1997 Canadian federal election , and Grey won handily .
At the 1950 United Kingdom general election , he was returned for Bournemouth East and Christchurch , a seat he held until the 1951 United Kingdom general election .
In response O 'Duffy proposed the kidnapping of a hundred prominent Orangemen in Fermanagh and Tyrone to Collins .
However , after NCD 's internal struggles , its transformation into Popular Alternative ( AP ) and several splits , some NCD conservatives have returned to FI .
UNA-Canada 's mission is to educate and engage Canadians in the work of the United Nations and the critical international issues that affect all .
From the lowest Barangay official , to the President of the Philippines , it is expected that one gains political debts and dispenses political favor to advance one 's career or gain influence , if not wealth .
The pro-Soviet resistance movement in Belarus was depicted in the Soviet movie Come and See , in many books by writers such as Ales Adamovich .
Arthur Laing defeated Tilly Rolston in Vancouver Point Grey .
In May 1989 , there were simultaneous leadership coups in both Coalition parties , with Peacock displacing Howard as Liberal leader and Charles Blunt replacing Sinclair .
Sun Shao ( 188-241 ) , born Yu Shao , courtesy name Gongli , was a military general of the state of Eastern Wu during the Three Kingdoms period of China .
Peter 's father , Lim Por-yen , died in 2005 at the age of 90 .
Governor Arthur Phillip ' s instructions from King George III required him to begin cultivation immediately on landing ( Kass et al .
Reports of outrageous exploitation and widespread human rights abuses led the British Crown to appoint their consul Roger Casement to investigate conditions there .
Pedro de Araújo Lima , Marquis of Olinda ( 22 December 1793 - 7 June 1870 ) was a politician and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil .
In the 2015 Canadian federal election , Beaulieu was elected in the riding of La Pointe-de-l 'Île , the only Bloc MP elected on the island of Montreal .
Owen , his brother David Dale Owen , and architect Robert Mills , were involved in developing preliminary plans for the Smithsonian Building .
Dewberry was born and raised in Kingston upon Hull , Humberside , England , dealing with significant adversity during her childhood .
" Gokenin " vassals were descendants of former shōen owners , former peasants or former samurai who had made a name for themselves in Minamoto no Yoritomo ' s army during his military campaigns against the Taira clan and were rewarded after victory .
Soon YPG also gained control of the cities of Al-Malikiyah , Ras al-Ayn , al-Darbasiyah , and al-Muabbada and parts of Hasakah and Qamishli .
Illinois Comptroller Daniel Hynes won the endorsement of the AFL-CIO .
On 29 September 1860 , Henry Buckley , member for East Moreton , resigned .
The inauguration marked the commencement of the four-year term of John Quincy Adams as President and the first term of John C. Calhoun as Vice President .
Haddon-Cave was born in Hobart , Tasmania , Australia with his brother David and sister Pamela .
Incumbent First Secretary François Hollande announced that he would not run again , thus opening the way for a three-way battle between 2007 French presidential election Ségolène Royal ; Bertrand Delanoë , Mayor of Paris ; and Martine Aubry , mayor of Lille .
People associated with it include Dermot Connolly , Clare Daly , Finn Geaney , Joe Higgins and John Throne .
Democratic-NPL state representative Joshua Boschee was the only candidate who advanced from the primary and the only candidate that had his party listed on the general election ballot .
Evo Morales | Álvaro García Linera | Adriana Salvatierra | Víctor Borda | Rubén Medinaceli
Grech was first elected as an MEP in 2004 European Parliament election in Malta .
After having been beaten by their East German counterparts in the first round , the team of the German Football Association won the cup again , defeating the Netherlands 2-1 in the final .
Bryan would be nominated twice more by the Democrats in 1900 United States presidential election and 1908 United States presidential election and modern liberals such as Woodrow Wilson and Franklin D. Roosevelt would enact many populist proposals into law .
On 4 April 2015 , a leaked memo from the Scotland Office alleged that Sturgeon privately told the French ambassador Sylvie Bermann that she would " rather see David Cameron remain as PM .
Alfonso had shown himself a skilled and determined soldier , helping his father in the suppression of the conspiracy of the barons ( 1485 ) and in the defense of the Kingdom 's territory against the Papal States claims .
" She was referred to a military court , prompting activists , as well as presidential hopefuls such as Mohamed ElBaradei and Ayman Nour , to protest her being charged in a military court.Osman , Ahmed Zaki al-Masry al-Youm .
In the National Government of Ramsay MacDonald , Brown became Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Health in November 1931 .
It is situated by the side of Montevideo ' s bay .
The Indian National Congress , which was the second largest party in the 2013 Tripura Legislative Assembly election , lost all its seats and most of its vote share .
In 1595 , he recovered from Sweden some towns lost during the former reign .
General elections were held in Mauritius on 7 November 2019 .
A previous parliamentary borough form of constituency of the same name was created by the First Reform Act for the 1832 United Kingdom general election .
In January 1960 Casey was made a life peer of the British House of Lords , on the recommendation of the British Prime Minister , Harold Macmillan ;
As a curator he was in charge of museums at Harappa , Umerkot , Moenjodaro , Lahore Fort and Taxila .
He took part in the Zaire River Expedition in 1975 , travelling down the Congo River on the 100th Anniversary of Henry Morton Stanley ' s exploration .
The temporary headquarters was located in New York City .
During the period which immediately preceded the Restoration he endeavoured to oppose George Monck ' s schemes , and desired Charles Fleetwood to forestall him and make terms with King Charles , but in vain .
Caleb Heathcote was his brother .
Since then , the museum has hosted recreations of various designer shows every year including Anna Sui , Tristan Webber , Elspeth Gibson , Chunghie Lee , Jean Paul Gaultier , Missoni , Gianfranco Ferré , Christian Lacroix , Kenzo and Kansai Yamamoto amongst others .
His cabinet contained a broad coalition of parties , with ministers from ARP , Christian Historical Union ( both Protestant ) , the Catholic People 's Party , the conservative-liberal People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy and moderate socialist Democratic Socialists ' 70 ( DS ' 70 ) , which had just split off from the PvdA .
By the beginning of 1920 skyrocketing inflation and President Woodrow Wilson ' s focus upon his proposed League of Nations at the expense of domestic policy had helped make the incumbent President very unpopularGoldberg , David Joseph ; " Discontented America : The United States in the 1920s " , p .
A non-voting federal seat in the Australian House of Representatives , the Division of Northern Territory , was established for the 1922 Australian federal election , and was won by independent candidate and former union leader Harold George Nelson , who joined the Labor caucus after the election .
The term symbolizes the efforts by the Soviet Union ( USSR ) to block itself and its satellite state s from open contact with the West and its allied states .
That kind of advocacy might prevent her from making edits to John Hagelin that are neutral .
The movement is a member of the Left Front ( France ) ( French : Front de Gauche ) , which also includes the French Communist Party and the Left Party ( Parti de Gauche ) .
Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM ) will contest 5 seats in Buntong , Jelapang , Menglembu , Tronoh and Malim Nawar .
In the 2011 Polish parliamentary election , he was elected to the Sejm as a candidate of the Palikot 's Movement receiving 17 720 votes in Łódź district .
The kingdom included all of Italy as far south as Rome and Spoleto , but the rest of Italy to the south was under the rule of the Lombard Principality of Benevento or of the Byzantine Empire .
He received the firm backing of U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick , Haig 's nominal subordinate and political rival .
The New Local Government Network proposed the creation of city regions as part of on-going reform efforts , while a report released by the Institute for Public Policy Research ' s Centre for Cities proposed the creation of four large city-regions based on Birmingham , Leeds , Liverpool and Greater Manchester .
In 2001 Polish parliamentary election the SLD took back power and again the post-Solidarity opposition was heavily split .
As such it was ultimately considered , by those countries that recognized it , the legal continuation of the First Czechoslovak Republic .
Irby was subsequently an unsuccessful candidate for election to the United States Senate in 1897 to fill the vacancy caused by the death of his cousin Joseph H. Earle , and was a delegate to the State constitutional convention in 1895 .
In 1942 , the BC Conservatives were rebranded as the " BC Progressive Conservative Party , " following the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada lead .
Its advocates attempted to persuade Labour Party and trade union members that the current government was solely for the rich and was dominated by those who through appeasement had " caused " the Second World War , who opposed the Soviet Union , and who were profiteering from the war .
For nationalist political parties in Austria .
The Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps , known as XPCC or Bingtuan ( " The Corps " ) for short , is a unique economic and paramilitary organization in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region ( XUAR ) of China .
Stracimir Zavidović ( ) was a 12th-century Serbia n prince ( Župan ) of West Morava , an administrative division ( appanage ) of the Grand Principality of Serbia , from 1163-1166 .
A Polish army led by Jan Zamoyski drove the Wallachians from Moldavia and defeated Michael at Năieni , Ceptura , and Bucov ( Battle of the Teleajăn River ) .
The 1996 United States presidential election in New York took place on November 5 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
Independent Ralph Nader had one of his best performances here in 2008 obtaining over 1 % of the vote .
The most recent publication , in 2005 , includes an account of his meeting with former U.S. President George W. Bush .
Daily contributors to Price 's breakfast show included Andrew Bolt , Jason Akermanis and Sam Newman .
He was long associated with the " Mathrubhumi " newspaper , a Malayalam daily based out of Kozhikode .
The Nationalist Movement Party ( MHP ) , despite suffering a loss of 6 % in their popular vote share , won above 10 % of the votes .
In March 2014 French President François Hollande announced his intention to recognize Jean Zay at the Panthéon in Paris as a leading figure in the Resistance , along with Pierre Brossolette , Germaine Tillion , and Geneviève de Gaulle-Anthonioz .
In June 2005 , Munyenyembe suffered a severe stroke in the speaker 's chair while officiating on a motion to impeach President Bingu wa Mutharika .
Incumbent Democrat Bart Peterson was reelected to a second term .
In 2013 , Jim Carrey with The Eels created a single and accompanying music video " Cold Dead Hand , " ridiculing gun culture in the United States and specifically Charlton Heston , declaring that he could not enter Heaven as even angels could not pry the gun from his hands .
Steve Ellner ( born December 21 , 1946 ) has taught economic history and political science at the Universidad de Oriente , Venezuela , since 1977 .
After graduating the " Ali Demi " high school in Vlorë , he pursued his studies and graduated as a film director in Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography of Moscow .
She was next employed at the Cyprus Carlsberg Brewery , as a Quality Control Manager , where she had a successful career for almost 23 years ( 1978-2001 ) .
He is the older brother of Jon Hippe , the current leader of the Fafo Foundation .
Christian Democracy lost more than in the previous 30 years , the former Italian Communist Party , now divided between the Democratic Party of the Left and the Communist Refoundation Party , more than ever , as well as all the other parties .
He served more than two years in the Continental Congress in Philadelphia , and he was the first to sign the Declaration of Independence in his position as president of Congress .
She explained that the term should not be taken literally , likening it to when President Ronald Reagan called the Soviet Union the " Evil Empire .
The Progressive Conservatives , led by Errick Willis , saw their representation in the legislature increase from nine to twelve members .
Progress Party leader Siv Jensen stated that her party would not support a coalition government in which it did not participate , thus apparently ruling out a minority coalition of the Conservatives , the Liberals and the Christian Democrats , like the government of Kjell Magne Bondevik which was in office from 2001 to 2005 .
At the time , it was an active yet small faction within Italian political left , which was strongly led by the Socialist Party , while on the international plane it was part of Soviet Union -led Comintern .
In 2000 , she attended Renmin University of China in Beijing and earned a master 's degree in Criminal Law .
In 1916 , the British Workers League was formed as an organisation for patriotic labour to get behind the war effort and for commercial preference within the British Empire .Chris Cook , " Sources in British Political History , 1900-1951 " ; Macmillan , 1975 pp 31-32 Edwards was drawn to the League which changed its name to the National Democratic Party for the 1918 United Kingdom general election .
The following party chairman election was won by the only candidate , Tom Van Grieken , then 28 years old and at the time the youngest leader of a political party in Belgium.name = " theguardian.com "
UTS Building 1 , also known as the UTS Tower , is prominent landmark on Broadway at the southern gateway to Sydney ' s central business district .
There were running battles in the Nairobi slums .
Li 's parents are mother Marie Veronica Lillian Yang and father is Simon Li Fook-sean , a former senior judge who is part of the Li family that owns the Bank of East Asia and who stood as a candidate for Hong Kong Chief Executive in the 1996 Hong Kong Chief Executive election in 1996 .
His lack of influence was thrown into relief later in 1961 when Kennedy appointed Johnson 's friend Sarah T. Hughes to a federal judgeship , whereas Johnson had tried and failed to garner the nomination for Hughes at the beginning of his vice presidency .
However , in July 2006 , the then Prime Minister Tony Blair signalled that police force mergers would not be forced through by the central government .
Justice Minister Ernst Hirsch Ballin said it was in violation of the Dutch constitution and international law .
Dijkstal applied at the University of Amsterdam in March 1961 majoring in Law and obtaining an Bachelor of Laws degree in June 1964 .
Elections in Venezuela are held at a national level for the President of Venezuela as head of state and head of government , and for a unicameral legislature .
Mike Hancock had won a by-election at Portsmouth South in 1984 from the Conservatives which was lost in 1987 , but Rosie Barnes , who had won the bitterly contested 1987 Greenwich by-election in February 1987 from Labour ; managed to hold on at the general election in June that year .
" The Chinese government 's National Development and Reform Commission and the Beijing Foreign Studies University , which has produced 90 % of China 's diplomats , signed Memoranda of Cooperation with the Center and Foundation to implement the " New School of US-China Partnership " in 2009 and 2010 respectively .
India , as a member of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , enacted the Geographical Indications of Goods ( Registration & amp ; Protection ) Act , 1999 has come into force with effect from 15 September 2003 .
In the 2014 local elections , CREO obtained 22 mayorships , including those of provincial capitals such as Azogues , Riobamba and Tena , besides the Loja prefecture .
Whilst popular at the time , and in keeping with earlier policies , this measure significantly damaged the economies of the Kingdom of Valencia , Kingdom of Aragon , and Murcia .
As such , supporters and opponents of the initiative compared the other side to recently elected Republican president Donald Trump in their rhetoric ,
She is the wife of Ambassador and former Congressman Richard Swett and daughter of the late Congressman Tom Lantos , vice president of Swett Associates , Inc .
Later on , Marc Speicher became an advisor for Peter Altmaier and Anette Hübinger who were members of the German parliament .
However , his relationship with Ben-Gurion soon turned acrimonious over the latter 's insistence on investigating the Lavon Affair , an Israeli covert operation in Egypt , which had gone wrong a decade earlier .
Cook and Ramsden in their survey of British by-elections comment that none of the by-elections in the 1922-1923 Parliament pointed to the outcome of Stanley Baldwin " s Tariff reform 1923 United Kingdom general election .Chris Cook & amp ; John Ramsden , " By-elections in British politics " ; UCL Press , 1997 p40 At that election , Johnstone narrowly held the seat despite the intervention of a Labour party candidate .
" Sunny Hundal .
Clubs : Carlton Club , Boodle 's , Naval & amp ; Military , Orleans .
For this role he was nominated as Best Actor at the Royal Television Society Programme Awards 2010 .
Dench is an Honorary Fellow of Lucy Cavendish College , Cambridge .
The Easter Rising in 1916 was followed by the rapid decline of the Irish Parliamentary Party and the rise of Sinn Féin , even in the formerly immensely safe Dublin Harbour constituency .
Kenneth Lamar Holland , a former U.S. Representative from the 5th congressional district , briefly entered the race , but dropped out a month later after failing to raise enough financial contributions .
During the Second World War , Halpern lived in New York City in the United States , working for British Intelligence ( British Security Co-ordination ) .
On April 2 , 2019 , The Gambia became the 22nd state to ratify the agreement , { { cite web | url = force
" Nordstern " ( en : " North Star " ) , often erroneously referred to as " Neu Drontheim " ( en : " New Trondheim " ) , was the Nazi Germany plan for the creation of a new German metropolis in German-occupied Norway during World War II .
